This phone immediately had issues.- Data was slow everywhere-Phone froze, was stuck in a white screen. Even after restarting and trying other recommended remedies.-Luckily I got a full refund, ordered from the same seller. New Iphone 5 looked and worked great. 1 4
it didn't even have the SIM card and it was scratched from the corners 1 2
The phone I ordered was refurbished and I thought it was supposed to function like a somewhat new iphone 4 and it doesn't. My iphone 5 was stolen so I needed a quick fix and I thought this phone would be perfect, however it has very many flaws. The phone always freezes, it always says memory full (when it isn't), the charger it came with doesn't work, and the list goes on and on. The only reason why I didn't return it was because I really needed a phone in the meantime before I bought something better than the 4. The only positive was the price, and I mean it was pretty cheap so I guess I got what I paid for. 1 3
Phone came to me clean and beautiful looked like it was never used before. Shipped to me super fast in only 2-3 days. Problem came with activation... Whoever had this phone HAS AN OUTSTANDING BALANCE and it will not allow me to unlock this phone for use. I am promptly returning it ASAP buyer beware... 1 5
I just got a replacement of this device and it auto restarts like crazy......I wish I didn't have to have this phone anymore 1 2
The charger did not work, there was a huge scratch on the screen, and a even bigger crack by the charging port. Would have pasted with so many issue if they would have been explained in detail. Shipping was fast and timely so that's why I'm posting review 1 4
Have only had this phone for sub two weeks and have had nothing but issues out of the box. Constant freezing and crashing, i cant even use certain apps, my photos don't load and the phone straight up goes black screen and restarts at least once a day. Very unhappy customer at this point in time. 1 2
I was accused by my grandkids of buying a "dinosaur phone", but all I wanted was a phone that I could make calls and texts on, and was told that it could handle that no problem. Well it won't ! When I pull up in my drive it shuts down, and the guy at my carrier (T-Mobile) says it is because it isn't a T-Mobile phone. I haven't figured out what the problem is yet, but I am working on it. So far the phone has been a total disappointment. If I can get the problem solved I might learn to love the phone, but you can't be pleased with something that doesn't work. 1 3
The battery died in less than 24/hours.... 1 2
I was not happy with the internet was very slow with t mobil service, the ringer volume was too low and the color was very dim 1 2
I've bought this Apple iPhone 5 in March this year. It worked in the beginning well, but it stop charging two months ago. This was supposed to be a certified iphone. That wasn't fair. 1 2
I returned this item because it would not charge. However, the credit back to my credit card was immediate. 1 3
When I read the article description i thought that i would buy a nice iPhone in good conditions for a nice price.After using it a few times i got shocked and very anoyed because the cellphone has a displaydamage.There is a line in the display probably caused by letting the phone fell down.The description said nothing about it so i feel quiet engaged by the sellar!!! 1 3
Apperantly the package got lost so I didn't get my item at all. I was really mad and waiter for 3 weeks. The only thing I got was my money back 1 3
When I bought this a while ago, I was buying a 32GB phone. Then when I got the phone, the phone was reported stolen. The seller immediately responded to my claim and he sent me a new phone. Except the new one was only a 16 GB phone and it was hard to hear people when I was on a call. I also paid the amount for a 32 GB phone and ended up with a 16 GB phone that came with a bonus "box." Then the hearing part went completely out, so I just bought a new phone from Verizon. 1 2
this phone that i ordered from this CadamL was a piece of crap, the speaker was busted on it and it didnt work properly, after trying to fix it, not aware that there was a month i had to get it back to this sorry ass vendor, i wrote him when i finally gave up on it and it was to late to do anything with and he told me and i quote, "The speaker works perfect and you had the phone for a month! The phone was in perfect condition when I sent it. The phone had insurance from UPS take it up ith them! No refunds you had for over a month with insurance from UPS! It's no telling what conditions the phone is in now!!" ............ now tell me this, how do you figgure that you get insurance from ups????? ok A$$4013 1 5
Slow, closed apps randomly, virtually no memory to store apps etc on. 2 1
Side and rear panel of Iphone 5 very easy to be scratching , chipping. I never seen any phone like that, even cheapest phone on market now. Sorry to spend a 3/4 of thousand dollar to buy this phone. I used 16G Iphone 4, this phone's hardware very good, that why I purchased this Iphone 5. This time I wasted money. Last month I plant to buy Iphone 5S. But I think New Iphone Wiil be WORSE. 2 1
the name of the product just misrepresented it self http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003BNYD24/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2 it says PURPLE when i recieved the phone it is red i was totally disappointed smhh 2 1
Makes a call and the screen goes blank and cant hang up on them. 2 3
Updated Review:Lowering my rating to 2 stars because I'm starting to hate this phone. This phone is becoming slower and slower. I even tried cleaning up old text messages but nothing helps. I have to wait like 5 seconds for it to find a contact and then it lags a couple more seconds before it starts dialing. Blackberry has stopped releasing patches which really sucks because one the last few patches released sometime in the beginning of 2016 really screwed something up with the Bluetooth pairing. Every time I start my car up I don't know what my phone is doing but you can't send text messages for like 20 minutes!!! If you go for a short drive to meet someone up your only option is to call them because it still doesn't work even after the Bluetooth is disconnected.Previous review:Finally they started listening to their customer's! Got rid of my iPhone 6 and couldn't be happier. I stopped calling, texting and emailing people because it was a major pain with that toy. This thing just works and is great for communicating with people. For those that like to game there is the Amazon App store. Gave it 4 stars because it's a pain to install google maps and what's up with the non-removable battery. 2 3
The cell looked good, but it wasnt new, was refurbished . I had problems with keybord, had to change it. 2 3
battery went to zero in a matter of minutes, took 3 days to shutoff completely so the buttons would work. battery is not swappable so you can't just pop the battery to get your phone rebooted fast. if no reset button, battery should be swappable by the customer. returned it. otherwise it was a slick phone. maybe bigger than I wanted, can't really carry it in your front jeans pocket or top shirt pocket. 5 inch max outer dimension is the perfect size and still big enough for smart phone use. 2 5
Bad buy battery is problem and phone do what it want 2 1
the power button went out five mins after haveing it was a nice phone if it had worked , just got a bad one i guess but they got my refund to me write away 2 3
Second phone I have purchased from Amazon..., This one worked two weeks before freezing up. I read all the reviews and chose to try again but was disappointed for a second time. Our phones make or break our business so not having usage for an hour can impact our lives. Amazon has always faired well with every other purchase we have made. 2 5
So far I have had two of these. And so far both phones have lasted about a month to a month and a half before the touch screen stops working and ive had to order a replacement. Don't get me wrong the phone itself was fine and had no other problems it just isn't all that I was expecting even for an aneroid. 2 3
The phone looks like new but it's not 2 1
I haven't been able to use the internet since I got ot turned on and my service has data with it. 2 3
I like the size of the screen but this phone is very slow especially when you are downloading a app it takes forever. when your going from one screen to back to home page it takes forever I don't know why....what doesn't it play videos it stops half way thru very very slow moving is there anything I can do to make it move faster and it freezes up 2 3
I recieved the phone and it only worked for about a month then it wouldnt ring on the phone text or alarm settings. 2 1
this was the last blackberry I bought, the battery did not work well, really bad!The phone was wrong but the battery is terrible, do not know if it was just my case or something generic on these phones 2 3
We used the phone with AT&T with out a problem, but unfortunately when we switched to another carrier we learned that the phone was not unlocked as advertised and all attempts to unlock it have futile! (First Straightalk and then Metro PCS) 2 5
3G Would not work with T Moble carrier. You can 2G but we were expecting 3G.We returned the 2 phones and had to by new 9900 phones. 2 4
Received phone DOA. Such great specs, so bad QC. On searching noticed other are complaining about same where phone does not turn on and does not charge. Petty, I really like the specs of this phone. I will wait a little longer before giving another go. 2 1
Even considering the low price I simply can not recommend this phone. GPS started failing after 6 months of heavy use (used daily as my GPS device). Apparently tech support does not exist. The Android GUI has been butchered, no app button, blurred wallpaper, lots of modifications that don't help at all making the phone run slow despite pretty decent specs (I really hated the PIN entry delay or the phone not even registering my touch). I was forced to root my device and remove a lot of BLU added modifications, installed NOVA launcher and was able to finally have a decent GUI with clear wallpaper that scrolls (for some odd reason this is not available with stock setup). This of course voids the warranty. It is running Android 4.2.1 that is affected by Stagefright vulnerability and you should expect no updates. Ever. No third party ROMs are available and there seems to be very little interest among developer community to do any work with this phone. This will be my first and last BLU phone (this seems to be fairly common among BLU users).For those of you still willing to try to make this phone usable this is what I did to gain root access and modify settingsGained root with framaroot (google it, very simple)Check for app updates in Google Play and install themInstalled NOVA launcher (you can use other launchers just make sure you install one BEFORE you do the next steps)Install Build Prop Tweaker Lite (free) and modify the followingro.gn.navil.lock.scrn=yes change it to noro.gn.navi.launcher.support=yes change it to noRebootPS Keep in mind this will void your warranty but considering you should expect no support from BLU it makes no difference. I have moved on and upgraded to Google Nexus 6 and could not be happier. 2 3
the phone it self is small. the selfie side of the camera (front side) it terrible. it make it seem like your face/object is 10x its size. so if you like taking pictures I wouldn't recommend this phone 2 3
did not work correctly. Out of 20 times that we tried to swipe to unlock the screen, it only unlocked maybe 2 times. However, we contacted seller and were able to return it. 2 1
This phone drove me crazy. I returned it because it didn't work very well. It was OK most of the time on Wi-Fi. Using the cell tower was another thing entirely. I would be sitting in my recliner and it would go from 3 or 4 bars to no signal at all for no apparent reason. A minute later it would be back. Bluetooth would send but not receive. Data transmission would frequently stop. I had to turn off data and then turn it back on to get it to work again. Then I figured out I could just put it in airplane mode and then switch that off again, which was faster. If I laid it down on my leg it would block the signal. Once I missed about ten seconds of a call from doing that.Among good points to the phone would be a pretty good camera and a ridiculous number of ring tones to choose from, I'd guess at least 120. I'd advise against buying this phone, though some folks seem to like it. 2 3
sealing the package arrived, but incomplete, missing 16 GB microSD offered by the sellerTechnical Details* In the box - Blackberry Storm 2 9550 Unlocked - Battery - Travel Charger - Data Cable - Stereo Headset - ***16gb microsd**** Battery: - Talk Time: 6 hrs - Standby Time: 305 hrs - Capacity: 1400 mAh* Display: - 480 x 360 pixels/3.25 inch - Touch Sensitive(Capacitive) - SurePress Pressure Sensitive Display* Camera: - 3.2 mega-pixels (auto-focus) - 2 x Digital Zoom - LED Flash - Image Stabilization* Video: - Video Recording - Supported formats: MPEG4, H.263, H.264 & WMV - Video Streaming 2 5
Refurbished but not properly because there is not work microphone 🎤 properly and must talk throw the speaker, at service center say OMG you must change more the one MIC 2 3
I bought the BlackBerry Bold 9000 in spite of what other users had written. Well, it wasn't my lucky day. The battery was not an official battery (appeared to be a knockoff), the screen would go white after 20 minutes of use (I attribute this to the battery as well) and the video camera would not function properly. I have sent my defective one back to Amazon and requested a replacement so hopefully it was just a fluke. 2 1
this phone has poor talk quality and it is not a 3g phone itis a 2g phone i called at&t to have them send me a new sim they asked for a imei # when i gave it to them them told me that is was 2g and they do not used 2g phone anymore and the internet is slow that is because it is a edge network not 3g!!!! overall the phone is a 3 out of 10 2 3
The BB9900 phone is not a new one.1.The USB port is dirty and with mark of scratch.2.Headset is not original.Quality is bad.3.The surface of phone have mark of scratch. 2 3
Let's be clear, this phone is great if we still lived in 2006, you know the year before the iPhone. Let's face it, the year is 2015, and a phone with specs from 4 years ago does not cut it. Granted, this phone is designed for the "mobile professional", however they are not all boring, they might want to play a game or two - outside of the legendary Brick Breaker. The phone is one of the best built phones you can buy right now, no seriously you drop this, the phone will be fine. It's just not an impressive feature list. Ok, it runs Android apps - great! Not so great, they are slow, crash often and you need to run this in a special size mode that cuts that 3.5 inch display in half. The keyboard is phenomenal, you can't match a true dedicated keyboard to on-screen tapping. John Chen, BlackBerry's CEO said that he wants "younger" buyers to check out the Classic... Sorry John, anything with the name classic, should remain in the past. 2 3
When I received this phone, which it took about a month. I got the phone I was excited for how big it is, but after waiting so long to get the phone I couldn't even use it without a sim card. Finally got the sim and found out that the internet doesn't work, which means the google play store doesn't work, which means I cant do anything with this phone but call and text. This sucks because im into apps and the internet. Am I the only one who had this problem????? 2 1
Very inferior camera and came with a bubble in the screen. It had to be returned. 2 1
Shipping errorsInformation is Blackberry Q10 Black 16GB Factory Unlocked, International Version - 4G / LTE 3, 7, 8, 20 (1800/2600/900/800 MHz) (New), in fact, it is Verizon SQN100-2, LTE 13, 4 , CDMA 1xRTT / EVDO Rev A (800/1900 MHz), and, within the battery compartment, no blackberry security tags, printing fuzzy, suspected to be refurbished. 2 3
So it fell out of my pocket the screen broke and the phone couldnt turn on, i went to 2 differemt places who said they cant fix it i gotta buy a new phone. Great! Lasted a full 40 days.. If someone has an idea where i could fix it maybe please let me know 2 3
I'm fairly disappointed with this purchase. First off, the home button doesn't work very well as you almost have to pound on the button to get it to work. Secondly, I specifically purchased this listing because it claimed to be unlocked which was not true. Overall I am quite disappointed with this purchase. 2 1
Degraded very quickly. Unusable in a short time. Buy a casio gzone rock instead. Or better yet, a samsung galaxy S5 2 1
Not near the phone as our previous Casio G'zone Ravines. Like the loud ring tones. 3 2
The phone is reliable it works a lilttle slow and the home button has to be pressed hard but after that it is a good product 3 4
Bad batterie in it. Apple covers it, but said it typically would not. Apple saved the day. This could I have been a very bad deal. Phone would power off at 33% after I just got the phone. Apple stated "do to the fact this phone was a refer-be they were not going to warranty it but, the tech at the store did not note it so they will cover it"! 3 1
When I recharge the battery is very hot hot hot 3 2
creo que el producto segun los comentarios que lei antes de comprar decia que funcionaba bien para las bandas 3G de movistar y movilnet venezuela y por eso lo compre, pero el que me llego a mi trae las bandas 1, 4 , 8 que aqui en venezuela funciona para digitel 3 4
I got it for my uncle and I no he is going to enjoy his new phone 3 5
I've only just received this phone a day ago, so I am still fiddling with it. Some small issues so far, such as - I have been unable find an N7100 case that actually will fit properly, the mic and headphone jack openings do not match the device. The included stylus does not work properly with the screen and there is no way to re-calibrate it, screen seems to work better with my finger. And, while it is great to include the extra battery, there is no included external charger, so it is useless to swap them. Unless, of course, you manage to find a compatible charger sold separately. Last issue, even though my carrier offers 4g service, I have yet to get 3g reception (this phone is suppose to be capable of 3g) even in the heart of town near the carrier's tower.On the good side, the phone was not $500 - $800 as you would expect to pay for Samsung's Galaxy Note II. I love the quality and functionality of Samsung's Galaxy line, but simply cannot afford the prices. As such, I will learn to live with this knock-off's flaws. 3 5
this iphone was worth the money i paid, it was cheap therefore i was expecting some sort of minimum malfunction, happens that the home button was a bit warned out but still workedno complains 3 1
This is my first time with my own smartphone and my experience is very limited. But for the price, I guess it could be expected that there seems to be something lacking in the phone. The manual is lacking in details about the phone, no explanations on how to open phone and installing SIM and microSD cards or that if you use a SD card that you can only use one SIM card. 3 4
This phone works good for text messages and calls, but the is about it. The camera, radio, TV functions all don't work. I kind of knew that going in, thats why my review is not less. 3 2
I have had it for 2 months now. It definitely is a great phone, but does have some shortfalls. The phone is well built and although made of plastic, does feel like a very good solid build - almost as solid as an Iphone, without the weight. Screen is good, although I tend to keep my brightness at 60% to get a comparable display to my iphone. The colors are not as luch as my iphone - a tad washed out but after a while you dont even notice. the sound of the external speakers is amazing! I love it. the sound of the phone with headphones/earphones, both good quality and the ones it came with it, is good - but very low - no matter what app i use to watch videos/hear music, i find it to be a little low for my taste. The vanilla OS is awesome, but after installing just a few apps and 2 months use, the phone now feels very sluggish and and slow.. I find myself constantly having to clean my ram etc. For the price point, its OK.. I think it should cost a little lower considering other phones out there in the under $200 range which easily outperform this device. my true love and reason for buying this phone is the thickness and feel of it... besides that, didnt fine much special about it. Also, my phone appeard to be a 're-pack' as the box was not sealed, and my headphones were defective. I called Alcatel support for an exchange on the headphones and they were very nice and said they will simply send me out a new pair. That was two months ago, i never got anything. I still have to call them again. sux i have to chase them down for something I purchased (supposedly) brand new. the 3 stars however are for the phone, and have nothing to do with the headphone/used phone experience. 3 2
I lost a Blackberry and replaced it with an updated model.I did go the Verizon (before ordering it through Amazon) who sold me a touch screen phone along with a "free" tablet which was not the easiest phone to operate AND would not accept my returning the tablet without a $175 return fee.and charging me a $10+ monthly fee to have it sit in my office. 3 1
No update for kitkat and a poor 13 megapixel camera in the back. Turn off wifi , blue tooth and data while not using . Drains battery fast. Cheap phone . It works.....nice display 3 2
it was in good condition but it was taking too long to load and when pressing the apps it stays too long or i have to turn it side ways 3 2
So excited to get it but we have had our I phone 4 for 3 weeks and one speaker is out and the home button sticks. :( but you can't beat the price and the phone looks great. :) 3 2
When I first got this phone it was great I like screen size after having the blu music I though it was an upgrade. first the sound is terrible thers is one tiny speaker at the bottom I've tried every booster app nothing happens even if you have headphones 2nd internal memory is a joke I even have a SD card and I can't switch all apps to it the camera is excellent I'll say that but I'll be going back to the blue life play real soon its the only phone that made me happy 3 5
The headphones connection doesn't work. I try with different headphones and it's all the same. Only work one side headphone. The problem is in the phone headphone plug in 3 1
I actually bought this for my brother and the description said used - like new but when it came, it wasn't i expected and the packaging was even not that good. I wasn't satisfied. 3 5
It is slow comparing to nowadays phones , it cant detect far wifi spots . 3 2
Phone battery died after 4 months, I am disappointed, have to buy a new phone now. I was satisfied with the phone before that occurred. 3 2
The phone is pretty, takes good photos, has a nice display, good call quality, and is very lightweight. However mine three months in has begun to freeze multiple times a day (touching the screen does nothing and I often have to reboot). That is very frustrating and it makes the phone feel like a bad bargain instead of a good one. 3 2
Was sold as new, but was used. Box was beat up, parts loose. Phone didn't look new. It works fine but I should have got the used price. Other than that the phone is what it is-middle of the road. What would you expect when current phones sell for 700 and this was 90. Like I said it is what it is. Very good replacement for broken phone. 3 2
Nice phone overall, worth the money you pay but be aware latest firmware may ruin your battery life so do your research before you update your firmware. Would give 5 stars when Asus fixes battery drain problem via firmware update. OTG does not work the way it suppose to....not enough power in USB port. 3 4
The phone flash does not work and it's 6 GB instead of 8GB. Other than that, no complains. thank you 3 2
I like it because I being a Blackberry buff get to use an efficient SMART Phone along with a convenient key pad. It looks difficult to use in the beginning but once you get the hang of it its pretty cool.I tried installing Viber on it but surprisingly got a message that it is not available for this device. 4 3
TraduzcaTraducción HumanaVery good product, it lived up to my expectations, very well conserved, the only downside is the generic charger that they gave me exploded, fortunately had not passed anything to cellular phones in the otherwise very good team 4 3
I had no problem with the product, was surprise that I received it so fast. The style of the phone was also amazing, really thin and small, fits perfectly in my purses. Good buy. 4 5
I am happy with the BlackBerry Classic: love the keyboard and the 'touch' features; the Blackberry Hub makes accessing all messages a breeze; the screen size works for me; with the features and apps I literallyhave a tablet in my hand. However, the charging feature is a serious short-coming: I can only charge this device when it is turned on. 4 3
I brought this for my girlfriend and she loves the phone. I don't like Apple I prefer Samsung but she like this product! 4 5
Very good service and phone working well. 4 5
The iphone is good, the cable is not. Doesn't work, must not be an Apple cable. 4 3
My son loves his iPhone. Great product! 4 5
I love my phone, the camera takes wonderfull photos. the battery whent dead after three months but I guess it's a BB's problem and not from the seller 4 5
Haven't gotten around to thinking about dislikes yet 4 2
The battery hasn't got much life 4 2
My daughter is very happy with it 4 5
My brother had asked me to get him a BB within a affordable range of prices. I got him this one and he is simply thrilled!Not only it has more features than the previous versions, but it also has the option of being used both touch screen and key pad...I have not used it, but seing the way he's in love with it, I can only say that it met his expectation. Great product. 4 5
This phone is a good choice to change from an all digital system and analogical one. The size is a middle one, and you have a good support from Black Berry at the moment that your data is lost. 4 3
Great phone. I use it instead of iPod, b/c I need multiples in my office and iPods are $199.I just need Pandora and another app. to run music in my officeIt's a little slow and you can't get the latest software, otherwise for the price it's a good phone and I bought 3 of them. 4 5
Phone in perfect condition other than tiny scratch near edge of screen. More than $100 less than phone store. Would like ability to purchase warranty, however. 4 5
Love the pink blackberry but the battery does not hold charge. Good price overall 4 3
Its an iPhone 4. Nothing too special about it. I got mine fairly fast for where I live (the middle of a cornfield). Ordered a Verizon phone and got a Verizon phone. There were a few small scratches on the back of the phone but I put a case on right away. The only thing wrong is there is a small spot on the screen that is more whited out than the rest of the screen. Not big and not a big issue. Ive been using it for a few months now. I have finally activated the phone and had no issues. Only reason for 4 stars is the whiter spot on the screen. Great seller. 4 5
So far, so good . 4 5
First iPhone. Have always used a Blackberry. Am happy with the iPhone 4S, works well and iOS easy to use. Have not used Siri. Don't like the fact that you have to have an account at Apple with a Credit card on file if you want to download any apps (even free ones). You cannot set up the account without entering a valid Credit card, but if you use a itunes card (min I've ever seen is $15) you don't need to enter a Credit card. Happy with the product. Find nice headphones and sound is OK. Found Cowon much better as Mp3 player though for music quality. 4 5
So far, so good . 4 5
Really nice phone... the one i received is just like a new handset.no issues so far. 4 5
So far, so good . 4 5
So far, so good. Just wanted to comment that my order came in OVERNIGHT. I ordered it at 10 pm and it was there the next day by 10 am. Its pretty impressive. 4 5
Covers a lot of LTE bands and I tested it and it works (LTE) with ATT and T-Mobile SIM cards. I have bought it because it covers the international LTE bands too - very few devices have this amount of bands, especially for this price.As opposed to other phones, both SIM's are capable of LTE (one at a time), so it's easy when you travel just to add a SIM and not deal with the "home" SIM at all.LCD screen quality is good. Not OLED good, but still good.I took one star out because the WiFi doesn't support 5GHz band. In today's crowded 2.4GHz WiFi spectrum, it is a must. 4 3
Arrived quickly. Bought this a while back, and my experience with this phone it okay, kind of weird didn't have a sim card slot even though it said it would, but whatever. A good small phone that'll do the job, and a good price. 4 5
i love it except the 0 key dont work when i hit it it shows up as a 6 instead 4 3
received the phone quickly, though this says black I received a white one which is just as good reguardless.. nothing wrong with the seller or anything just the phone itself has a few quirks I think is due to maybe the phone company. other then that it is in great condition 4 5
Absolutely perfect, excellent battery life, and I truly abuse it in this respect, yet it lasts for the entire day and I still have 30-40% battery left in the evening. If I just use it for calls, when I am not working, it will easily last 4-5 days.... You can get BB and Amazon apps, so I dont understand why they dont simply allow for Google apps, since most will work with no issues, in fact I have not tried one that didnt work, but there is a special process to get them to install. And finally the BB OS which as far as I am concerned is the best out there in every respect, with functionality that no one else offers....Blackberry could easily be the market leader, the reason they are not I attribute to idiotic Executive Decisions. 4 3
Buenos díasEl producto llego en excelentes condiciones y el proceso de compra fue rapido y muy efectivo. muy buena compra les recomiendo este proveedor para sus futuras compras 4 3
I bought this iPhone for my husband his been using it for 3 days already , so far no problems I connect the phone with Metro PCs everything is ok so far. 4 5
Excelente producto lo que yo estaba esperando adquirir me sirvio aqui en Venezuela buen precio me gusta mucho lo rec 4 5
I found this phone to be a good purchase. It arrived on time and as it was described. I have yet to find any fault with it. 4 5
Product arrived as advertised...had USB wall plug and connector. Phone did not have most recent update, but easily accepted it. Arrived charged which was nice. No case or instructions, but the screen was immaculate and only very minor wear was shown on the back of the phone.Fired up immediately after installing my TMobile sim card in the tray. Good deal and great price. 4 5
ok for the most part.. very durable, wish phone were still made as durable. I use it mostly for work.... 4 3
So far, so good . 4 5
It is good for me 4 5
Arrived in record time! A few scratches by the charge port, but nothing real damaging.If your carrier is sprint or Verizon be aware that this is not a CDMA unlocked phone and you will need a SIM card. You can contact their support team over the phone and they will help setup a SIM card for you, but you won't be able to just walk in store and get your phone activated. Leaving you with a wait of a week or more for your new beauty. 4 5
Just what I was expecting. thanks 4 5
The phone unlocked, good but nothing else 4 3
is an acceptable product, the total description of the product is as advertised as such at the time of purchase ....very pleasedthanks 4 5
it is good. no problems so far, it isnt slow and i got it set up nice and easily. good stuff 4 5
I was forced away from Blackberry by my company and tried a few of the all touch screen phones and ultimately came back to this. I missed the keyboard so much. It is a shame developers won't make more apps for the Blackberry because it is a great product. I was able to sideload Good For Enterprise so I could still get my company email on the device. It isn't quite as good as native emails but good enough for that. It is nice they finally partnered with the amazon app store but I really wish developers would make more native Blackberry apps (I don't blame them for not doing it though as we Blackberry lovers are a dying breed) 4 3
Got exactly what was asked for... so far no problems. 4 5
Good product. But beware on pricing. I bought this in early December, and 5 days later Amazon reduced the price by $20! Unlike the better B&M stores, unless it is a TV Amazon will NOT provide any price adjustment or offer refunds based on their new price. I chatted, called and talked to several supervisors and their only solution was to mail the product back, then re-order the phone at the lower price. I kindly pointed out that shipping costs and my time would be more than the $20 and it seemed a better solution to offer a "store credit" to a long time Prime member. Long story short, no dice. Sine the phone is activated already I am not about to return it and start the activation process all over again either.So, just know that while Amazon is eager to take your money if the price goes UP, they will not offer any relief if within as little time as one week they reduce the price (in this case by 25%). So while the phone is a good investment, not sure about Amazon customer flexibility. 4 3
I like price Vs performance. Its a good phone. 4 3
perfect, practical, easy to handle, good resolution, well packed 4 5
This phone so far has been a good mix between value, design and performance. I can only hope that Alcatel continues building a budget/ performance friendly phone for the Android OS. 4 5
Great phone! I really thought there would a lot pf scratches on it but there was totally nothing it is like brand new the only complaint i have was that the charger was broken but is ok i bought one and it works perfectly fine thank you for the phone 5 4
Very good device I've had it for a few days so far so good. I love the speakers and the screen and front facing Speaker's are awesome for media comsuption and getting LTE on ATT by way of straight talk. All in all if your looking for a phone that's tech heavy that you can root and play graphic heavy games without lag get he asus 4gb or the one plus , but if you just like me just wanted a good around phone that has a beautiful screen and great speakers and get LTE and a good battery life get this 5 4
very nice phone and i like it 5 4
Used this unlocked GSM Nokia Asha 302 in the Philippines just recently (Jan-Feb 2015). Excellent, no problem with functionality. Bought a P40 SIM card at the airport & presto! It worked. I passed it on to my brother the instant I came back to the US. He will be visiting the Philippines soon. It was very easy to use. Having been used to smart phones w/ touch screen, I surprised myself when I worked w/ it easily not having read the instructions to operate it. I'll buy another one like this & definitely an upgraded version of this Nokia unlocked GSM phone. 5 4
The condition of the phone exceeded my expectations! 5 4
It's a good phone:). It's got a purple color in the middle of the screen but it's not that noticeable. And I have no scratches on it:) 5 3
It's nice and works just fine, 5 3
I've had no issues with this phone. This is my third iPhone. My original one from Apple had a button that stopped working while it was under warranty, so they replaced it with a refurbished one. That didn't last as long unfortunately. So we had to buy out of pocket. So far no complaints with this product. 5 4
arrived in time before my trip, thanks a bunch! Apparently the phone was still locked! costed me an extra $40 to unlocked the unit so it could be used in Mexico. No big deal but thought I mention...Phone was in great condition as per description. Thank you 5 4
I bought this phone for my 91 year old aunt. It seems very easy for to use. Would certainly recommend it. Purchased another brand senior phone same price that didn't last 2 weeks due to quality of phone screen 5 4
I'm very pleased with this phone.I haven't had any issues with it since I've had it.delivery was good it got here before the estimated date which is good.its alittle slow but that's all. Overall its a good phone at least for me. 5 4
Great phone! I really thought there would a lot pf scratches on it but there was totally nothing it is like brand new the only complaint i have was that the charger was broken but is ok i bought one and it works perfectly fine thank you for the phone 5 4
Great entry phone and it would be a good phone for average users too. Smooth performance for everyday tasks. Both cameras are fair, take shots quite fast. Sound quality is above average, nice and loud, and it comes with JBL in-ear earphones, which are quite good too. Also features an update to Android Marshmallow, available as soon as you turn on the phone. Battery isn't great but it lasts for the day. Overall quality is really good, it's as good as I expected for the money I spent. 5 3
I love this phone. I had an ipod that died and my android phone broke. I bought this as a used phone but it was in new condition. I love the iphone because I can sync it with my ipad and use it in place of my ipod that died. I just hope the battery holds up well. 5 3
My son is using it w ATT and it is great 5 4
The Idol 3 has been provided an amazing experience for me at a third of the cost of some of the top-tier phones available on the market. At $250 this smartphone provides all of the functionality I would want from a daily driver and there are only a few nit-picky features (a better camera, ir blaster, wireless charging and dedicated shutter button) missing that I would need to have to "upgrade" away from this phone. The previous phones I have used in order are the Galaxy Note II, Moto X, and the Sharp Aquos Crystal and this phone blows them all out the water.Design and Size:Simply put, this phone feels great in the hand. The symmetrical design and lack of capacitive keys really make the phone seem much smaller than other phones of the same screen size. At 5.5" this phone is relatively easy to use one-handed (and I have average to small-sized hands for a guy). It is also as light or lighter than my previous phones. It does not have "premium build quality" with metals or glass, but personally that has never mattered to me. Besides the customization of designing my Moto X nothing really stood out as "me" when looking to purchase other phones. But besides all that, the phone looks great. The brushed metal look works for me, and since it is plastic it works for my wallet as well. I have never had an issue with dropping this phone or it feeling awkward to use.Screen:This screen is great. It is 1080p, videos play well, colors pop, and I can take it out in the middle of the day and actually see the screen in direct sunlight. The size of the screen also makes reading text easier and videos feel immersive. It doesn't quite live up to the borderless Aquos Crystal experience, but there is no light leakage on this screen and it does better at an angle. Also, the screen responds well to the touch, even with a tempered-glass protective covering over it. That is something that cannot be said with the Sharp Aquos Crystal.Sound:I never realized how much having the front-facing speakers would improve the quality of gaming and video experiences. Being able to lay down the phone and watch a video without the output sounding muffled or indistiguishable from gibberish is awesome. I find myself watching videos on my phone more than ever because of the audio features. Additionally, the included JBL earbuds are a nice touch and the JBL Mix audio app is one of the coolest I have ever used. I honestly find myself making playlists just to work on my mixing and transitions between tracks. Just check out some videos on youtube to see the app for itself because honestly a description here won't do justice to how fun the app is.Operating System and features:Comes out of the box with lollipop and just updated to version 5.0.2 today. As with any android phone customization is really limitless so I won't spend time on that here. The reversible feature is pretty neat, and merits me echoing other reviews. If it was not for the button placement or the design of my screen protector there would be times when I pull my phone out of my pocket and have no idea it was upside-down. The fluidity with how it works really stands out for functionality, and I am suprized this has not been a feature in phones prior to the Idol 3.Battery Life:There are phones that will get you longer battery life, but I have never been able to kill my phone in just one day of daily use. I am not implying that it will be at 30% when you wake up the next day, but it is definitely an upgrade over my first gen Moto X. Not having to find a charger immediately when I get home from work provides a little more freedom to the daily grind. I know that usage varies by person, but outside of gamers I don't think moderate to light users will have too many gripes about battery life.Conclusion:Buy this phone. If you want a great experience at a great price, buy this phone. One of my best decisions in a while to take the plunge. Being an unlocked phone carrying no carrier bloatware and built in apps like Mix, File Explorer and Wifi Display actually adding to the experience, Im starting to see less and less reason to ever sign up for a carrier contract again. If you need financing options, there is an Amazon store card for that. At $250 though, you won't find yourself in much of a financial bind if you decide to pick one up. 5 3
My husband breaks his otter box belt clip about every 5 to 6 months, so it was great to get this pack of 3. It fit perfect with his otter box. 5 4
I received my phone on yesterday and must first say I appreciate all the previous reviews that guided me to this purchase. I did some research on this phone including YouTube videos that compared this phone to other budget phones and flagships. This phone has met all of my expectations and then some! I saw remarks about the double tap not being consistent. I actually figured that out. If you do a slower tap it usually works every time. Maybe a quick could "1,2" works just about every time. The battery seems good so far. The display is outstanding. I downloaded open camera after a reviewer suggested which is good. My 2 most recent phones were the LG g4 and galaxy s6. The s6 is certainly a great piece of equipment but I realized many of the features they offer I don't need and the price is just too much. I definitely recommend this device over any other android on the market. Even some iPhone users might like this as a temporary, secondary or converter back to the android platform. 5 4
Bought 2x @ $199.99 pre-order price, best deal for a flagship phone. Gave them as birthday gifts to my daughters. They love it!!! Screen is bright & sharp, dual front speakers are loud and clear, both front and rear cams take good/clear pictures. Phone works great on AT&T LTE network, connection is fast for data (Youtube streaming, FB, snapchat, browsing, etc) and battery lasts all day!!! Only cons are it doesn't come with pre-installed screen protector & soft clear case (like from BLU).Overall, still 5-star rating ... 5 3
