These phones are all non apple/genuine parts usually of cheaper quality. You are not getting a genuine iphone. Even the glass is a cheaper glass. 1 2 
The phone was not as described . 1 3 
My phone is already acting up. Shuts off randomly and over heats. 1 2 
There is an issue with the wifi chip not working which is common with a lot of 4S's. Unfortunately, there is no way of fixing it so you'd going to end up with a phone that will only be able to use data. 1 2 
Phone was not Verizon compatible. but they did refund the purchase & shipping, so it was just inconvenient. 1 3 
after about a week or so the lock button keep sticking I would not get this if I was you keep looking elsewhere 1 2 
This phone worked fine for about 5 months and then it quit capturing v-mail messages and would only show text messages sporadically and mostly only when I was at home and in close range of Wi-Fi. I took it to the Apple Store and they said there was nothing they could do and it is no longer in warranty. A total bust! 1 2 
The phone had already some repair done to it. The on and off device was broken and I had to bring it to a repair shop to make it again. It costs me 50$. The repairman discovered it was repaired before. Since I was abroad it was to hard to sent the phone back. Very bad business. I was conned. Severina Kolloffel 1 2 
Did not work properly. They let me return it without any problems. 1 3 
Delivery was on time . The phone look good ,product details says excellent physical condition will come with box,manual and USB charger,but when I try to turn the on/off button is not function I was so disappointed and no USB charger, now I don't even know if I get someone fix it would the phone still work . I was so mad . 1 2 
I did not receive my order items. 1 3 
The phone was delivered in apparently good condition. We took it to TMobile, where they activated it with only minor problems. However, the phone was only able to charge once and then never a second time. We tried multiple charging cables with no success. We also could not get the phone to accept entry of its phone number. Based on the charging issues, we gave up and returned it. Very disappointing and I will not try this approach again. 1 3 
Phone does not hold a charge very long 1 2 
Volume down button was broken upon arrival and that was not specified when I purchased the phone. 1 3 
Its working just fine i rate it a 5 star.... My daughter is very happy and Pleased with it.... 1 4 
Well, the camera appeared to be broken and the phone itself is kinda slow. Not satisfied at all. Need to order another phone now. 1 2 
First off I have never returned or complained about a purchase I made on Amazon, even though at times I should have. I was skeptical of purchasing a refurbished I-phone, but the price was fair, initially I was impressed, the phone looked as it was never used, arrived when it was supposed to, the phone was unlocked and activating it my service provider was easy. However the speaker does not work, meaning other than with headphones, there's no music, no alarm, and no speaker phone. Disappointed, I need this phone in a hurry so returning it and waiting for a repair or replacement defeats the entire purpose 2 3 
i received it quickly, which was nice. And there wasn't much visible damage. Butwhat the listing failed to tell me was that the headphone jack is faulty, and only plays music outof the left headphone, no matter what wards or headphones you use. This really sums for mebecause part of there reason I like iPhones so much is the fact that they can be used for music.honestly, this blows. You're better off just buying a new one. 2 1 
good I have problems with bb9780 phone with the trackpad, I received it on Tuesday, 9, and start using it gave me problems the center key and does not want to work, who can tell me that, it is a new phone, thanks 2 3 
Slightly longer batter doesn't trump s*** phone. 2 1 
This phone worked great for 6 months. The battery life was phenomenal, the systems were all simple to use, no issues. Then, the nightmare began. At first, the battery would die once it hit 95%. I would have to put the phone back on the charger and wait for it to reboot up and charge back up to 100, then less than an hour later it would happen again. Eventually it stopped allowing me to do anything at all. Alcatel has no real support, save a call number that will not do anything for you. I tried replacing the battery, but same issue continued. I took it into a local repair shop and after three weeks they gave it back to me and refunded all charges, telling me that it must be a software issue, because the battery and charging ports work fine. However, because Alcatel doesn't have any real customer troubleshooting or service, I have no way to fix it. There is a reason people buy from trusted companies with well established reputations for troubleshooting and repairs. Save yourself the headache and get a Moto G or just sell your soul and get an IPhone. You shouldn't have to drop $250 on something that'll last less than six months. 2 1 
I had to return this product because the speakers were shot.. It was difficult to understand what was being said on the other end of the line, but not impossible. It otherwise worked perfectly. 2 3 
im sorry but my IPhone 4S 32 GB is not working perfectly, the battery does not charge, i would like to know about guarantee, what can i do?? 2 3 
beware this is the no camera verson, you can get it for 20 at other places with no camera, and 40 with the camera 2 1 
Unfortunately, this item did not come quite as promised. It's in great condition, no question, but it arrived without a sim card. It was a gift and when I gave it to my son, he discovered the sim card was missing and took the one from his old iPhone 5 and put it in this one. This phone does not hold a charge and doesn't always work as it should. The Verizon staff told us that often when a phone arrives without a sim card (and this one was supposed to have been a Verizon phone, it is often stolen. I hope that isn't the case with this one, but either way, I'm pretty disappointed that I spent $176.00 on a phone that didn't arrive the way it was promised, and doesn't work properly. 2 3 
Worked fine for 2 weeks and then the speaker went out 2 3 
This phone is aesthetically pleasing, and would be great if it didn't start freezing moments after taking it out of the box. Honestly, I wish it wasn't so slow, but that's what you get for the price. 2 3 
Blu studio 5.0 unlocked phone is not good. Battery stability is only 30-40 minutes. So as new phone it is not up to the mark does not fulfill my demand. 2 3 
Does NOT work with Verizon service.. Very disappointed. 2 1 
Did not get a 5.0 got a 3.2 cell phone 2 3 
Bad volume takes 9 hrs to fully charge speaker phone low big phone but slow and for straight talk carriers u have to buy $60 SIM kit to switch over 3 2 
bought this item for jamaica but it only works with one of the phone carrier out there and it not the carrier i boughtit for .. 3 2 
Packaging was good, what it can with was good, but the phone itself I had problems with. I currently have tmobile and the phone is lacking service every now and then, I had s few stops between apple and tmobile, both saying its SIM card. So far havnt figure out a solution 3 2 
Valid for Movilnet in Venezuela, low memory, bad camera, low price, great!! 3 4 
Bought the phone from RnD Outlet - 'New' from Amazon. Recieved the phone and took it to an Apple store to give it a check over. Unsurprising the phone is not New. It was Sold in a Best Buy in 2010 (thanks to the apple store guys for checking it for me). It has no warranty, obviously because it is not new but at least the internal parts are all legitimate apple components. The plastic screen protectors have been removed and put back on again - you can tell because there are specks of dirt or grit all over it (another point to it being second hand). On the plus side it does indeed appear to be Unlocked. Not going to return it, it looks in good enough condition. Hopefully it is not going to die in the first few months. 3 2 
Outdated phone would not accept updates and locked up if you tried. We ended up trading it on a new IPhone for our son and got more on trade than I paid for the phone. 3 2 
Be aware, this is a 2G GSM phone. AT&T won't activate it (maybe they would with a go-phone SIM, but after 4 hours of customer service, I gave up.)However, at the time of writing this review, T-Mobile is still activating 2G phones.Eventually, 2G will be phased out. When that happens, this phone won't be useable. 3 2 
It was as expected...used.. BUT.. did not disclose that the video was not working properly and that I would have to put the ball 2 to 3 times to get the phone to react to a command. But for a used phone at the cost I paid, it was pretty decent. 3 4 
it was not open so i had to take it to someone to get it open. HHH HHH HHH HH HHH HHH 3 1 
I had gotten the phone and the condition is great but the screen had issues and I had to pay an extra amount of money to get it replaced. But otherwise works great. 3 4 
no charger no headphone i though its a package with accessories so cant use it immediately and lcd have already 2lines on lcd 3 2 
it was a refurbished phone, it's unlocked and works OK. i wish they could be more clear and say the phone is refurbished. 3 4 
The camera didn't function well. Camera flip didn't work at all. 3 1 
The phone was claimed to be new but it was not & it had problems! 3 1 
Phone is in great condition other than the proximity sensor not working. 3 4 
I purchased this product because it was listed as "New". It has worked well, but the battery doesn't seem to hold a charge as well as I thought a new product's battery should. The initial battery charge I made seemed to take almost a full 24 hours, much longer than I thought it would take. I took the phone to the Apple Genius Bar tonight to run a diagnostic on the battery and the result was disappointing. The diagnostic indicated the battery was working properly, it also indicated that it had been connected to a charging device more than 500 times, which the genius bar tech said was not a "new" phone. 3 2 
This product arrived in 3 weeks after my purchased. I had to return because I was in my country when it wasreceived in Houston. 3 1 
I have purchased this item as a gift for some one.. unfortunately when the person began to use this unit it was found that this unit has a number of physical and mechanical faults and/or problems.. the screen is loose or slack when it is depressed. also the battery get extremely hot after 10-15 minutes use.the phone discharges in about 1hr and needs to be constantly recharge some times 4 times in one day ( 8-12 hrs ). THE unit itself tends to lock up or seize up regularly .I AM DISSAPOINTED.. 3 1 
The battery was dead on arrival. No pun intended.Would have appreciated a link indicating the specs for the batteries so that I could have gotten a spare as a backup. 3 1 
Let me just start out by telling you that the seller I ordered from (BREED) listed this item as "new", not LIKE NEW but actually "NEW" and it was actually refurbished. The phone had dust under the screen and came in a strange (probably fake) box without a berry symbol next to the logo type. All the accessories were new and included though.CARRIERI have AT&T in the U.S. and the phone was unlocked and clean (no carrier info/settings) so manually programming the phone was difficult, even with AT&T's help. Nonetheless, it did work very well on AT&T's network and it had very fast data speeds. The call quality was very clear and SMS was like clockwork.HARDWAREThe phone itself worked well, everything was sturdy and felt very new. The speaker is very loud and clear, the display is decently sized and of good resolution.COMPLAINTSThe only big complaint I had was the keyboard. I'm 6'2" and 270lbs. I'm a pretty big guy. I have decently big hands and the keyboard was near impossible to type on. Other than that, the phone is good but BEWARE OF SELLERS CALLING IT "NEW" if it's not.I ended up returning this phone for the 9900/9930 Bold Touch though. Bigger screen, bigger buttons, faster, but sacrifice of battery life. that's all. 3 2 
It's ok but it needs a better case 3 4 
I am far from being an expert. I got this phone becuase my 4 year old Blackberry died and had to upgrade, thus new in Android and the phone. All works well except: Battery life is too short. I dont download videos or play games, regular use, but before 6 pm the battery is at 4 % after an all night charge.Second and last issue: Very weak WiFi signal. Within 10 feet to get half decent signal.All the rest work very well. 3 2 
One side of camera didnt work 3 2 
Just like the advertisement said, but the "free" case was pink... Seriously? Battery also seems shorter than typical even for an iPhone. 4 3 
Take a step back and think about this thing. It has an identical screen to, and RAM of, an Iphone 6 Plus, for a sixth the price. Pop in an SD for more storage. Similar or better form factor too, with nice stereo speakers and better earbuds than an Iphone. Performance is smooth, and it updated immediately to Marshmallow. What's not to like?I guess one thing. Reports around the web indicate the screen may crack under light pressure/drops. So get a case and screen protector. Because this is an older model phone, both can be found cheap at the usual suspects. 4 5 
Good condition - fast shipping - works fine with minor defect in screen but overall pretty good deal 4 5 
I was so excited to get this phone although right away I had to have it repaired which was $50.00. I did not even have a clue that it would need to be unblocked until I purchased the right stuff to activate the phone and could not use it. So I am very disappointed that I have to spend more money to get it unblocked so in the long run I can only use it now to play games. I will not be buying any other phone at all from Amazon and I have purchased alot of things from this website. 4 3 
I am very happy with the product. I received the product in a timely fashion (got delivered in exactly 3 days). and the phone was in very good condition like new. Usually when you order an unlocked phone there's some minor scratches and what not but this phone is like new. The only reason I gave this only 4 stars is because I received the wrong battery cover to the phone. I am hoping the seller will send me the battery cover soon. Till then I will stay with the 4 stars. 4 5 
bluetooth doesnt workits a tad glitchy now and thencharging is a tad spotty and slow at timesit can get really laggybut i can live with all these things; it was a great price! 4 3 
Great Phone, it is scratched a little on the side but the case will cover it. Works well like brand new! 4 5 
My sister loves it except the volume button does not work and one of the speakers are blown out.... Crap for the money you pay. 4 5 
I'm pleased with my purchase. I would definitely do it again. It's taken some getting used to, after being an avid droid user always, but I have not been let down. I've had the phone a week now. The clarity of my is much better than the previous droid, or couple of previous droids, I had. Overall, I am a happy customer at this point and happy with my phone. 4 5 
Well this review is for a phone I purchased a couple of years ago to use on my trips to South America. Not sure of any of the current vendors but as for the phone it self it is good and does what it is made to do. It is dated now but if you are in the market for a Blackberry this is a decent choice. It was unlocked all I had to do was pop in a sim and add some minutes and was good to go. This is a great phone to use while traveling thru South America in my experience as I am always warned not to pull out my new iPhone and it works so yeah. Even though I don't see many people looking to purchase this phone as 2016 is only a few days away. Reading a few of the other reviews I would advise you to research the seller more than this phone itself as it is a solid product. I guess another point to make is that you can probably find a android smart phone with apps galore for the same price as this phone that would serve the same purpose with more functionality which is why I am only giving 4 stars. 4 3 
"The phone arrived without key Blackberry software loaded and the touch pad appears to be indented. I've attempted to contact CL using ref. no in the heading - they've replied to send them the order number.... it's a holiday weekend. Stay tuned."The BB World programming software was not loaded and does not appear to be downloadable according to my carrier. The touch pad is depressed below the top of the cover, making it less effective to use - could be a defective phone - working with the folks at Cell Lounge to exchange - for a fully functional model I hope. UPDATE - Cell Lounge called me and is arranging to have phone exchanged for replacement. New phone arrived over night service at no extra cost to me. The physical condition of this phone appears good - touch pad is not defective on this one - and even though I still had to find a way to download the BB World app, (apparently on universal type phones such as these available aftermarket), it's possible not to have them all loaded. T Mobile was able to connect me with a BB specialist who was able to walk me through the process so I could get it on the phone and synced to my table. yay! Thank you Cynthia for your kind help and excellent follow up! 4 2 
This is a good all around phone. The camera is a little lacking in my opinion. It takes very grainy photos no matter the ambient lighting. It also takes quite a while for the camera to focus and take the photo and then the subject ends up out of frame, if it happened to be an action shot. The performance on the device is fantastic if you like gaming, or just have multiple apps frequently running this phone gets the job done in the spu/ram department. The overall build quality feels quite cheap to me though and does not feel like a premium device although what can you expect for this price tag but at the same time there are many other asus devices that have quite the premium feel to them. I have become accustomed to the high quality build quality of Sony devices. Overall this seems to be a decent phone especially for the price. And will serve as a good temporary device until the Sony xperia perfomance x comes out. 4 3 
Amazing cellphone. The OS(processor) consume > 50% of battery, i don't like that. If Asus fix the problem the cellphone is the best. The battery drain its a biggest problem. 4 3 
There are only a couple problems with the phone.. 1) I can't turn off this extremely loud defining beep that goes off ever 30sec-1min. I tired to get help from the company but they never responded to my emails. The people on the other end of the phone conversation say they can hear it too which leads them to sometimes think its a call coming in on there end. 2) the camera is extremely touchy. You have to have it very still or shots will be blurred.3) internal memory is very low, you can only download a few apps. It reads storage space running low all the time after clearing everything. Other than that its not a bad phone. 4 5 
Very much content with the phone. Works really good. 4 5 
I recieved the product pretty quick, and its in good condition turns on and works great for the price I paid I am happy. 4 3 
Well, there is not much to say about an iphone when you have been using them since the first generation came out. There are not a lot of differences between this model and the iphone 4, just Siri a little bit of speed and more weight. I bought this one for a cousin and she loved it. I have the iPhone 5 and find its screen, besides being taller (not wider) shows richer colors. 5 4 
Excelente producto, a pesar de ser usado, esta en muy buenas condiciones tanto estéticamente como funcionalmente. El teléfono es desbloqueado para todo el mundo.!! 5 4 
great phone, arrived ontime and as promised. it was just what i needed to travel. accepted the sim and i was able to change sims when i changed countries. 5 4 
Ordered this iPhone 5 after much research and finding that it's the ideal phone for traveling because it is unlocked and it has the most LTE bands covered compared to the Euro/Asia GSM and US AT&T models. It has worked perfectly although currently I'm traveling to places with limited LTE coverage, so I can't say much about how fast it loads up on data connections. A few things to consider when moving from the 4 and 4s (per my experience): the wallpapers will look wrong so you'll need to get new ones especially made for the iphone 5's screen size; on the Converter that I use, I'm glad to see more of the currencies I've selected, without having to scroll down; and, the lighter weight kinda takes getting used to. It really is lighter than the 4/4s and is wonderful in that regard. For music lovers, I recommend getting the bigger memory models as the 16GB one easily get filled up. 5 4 
I loved this phone it works perfectly no scrashes or finger prints but I do have a little trouble with the battery all though great apple phone! 5 4 
The phone condition was good and it works well. 5 4 
Well, there is not much to say about an iphone when you have been using them since the first generation came out. There are not a lot of differences between this model and the iphone 4, just Siri a little bit of speed and more weight. I bought this one for a cousin and she loved it. I have the iPhone 5 and find its screen, besides being taller (not wider) shows richer colors. 5 4 
For once, something that was exactly as advertised! I'm always leery when I buy something from a "new start up". 5 4 
It's amazing for the price. Sure it isn't as fast as flagship phones being an owner of an m9, but for what I payed it's a 5/5. 5 4 
1st phone would completely discharge after 2.5 hrs. Automatically mute itself so you couldn't hear it ring. Voice quality was fuzzy. Seller was not easy to deal with and after shipping the phone back to him, he denied there was anything wrong with it and was going to charge a 6% restocking fee!! After finally convincing him of the issues, he did send a working, quality phone. 5 1 
The begging, i had a problem with verder.but the company is sincerity help me, service is good and hope deal with this company next time! 5 4 
Exactly what I was expecting.thank you. 5 4 
I bought this phone for my sister as a replacement for her older 3GS that quit working. She has limited funds so newer model iPhones were not possible and past problems with used phones made that not an option. The 3GS is a dinosaur but it still has great features and is very easy for almost anyone to use. The iPhone 3GS purchased from Tablet Distributors and fulfilled by Amazon was as described, new and unlocked. It came in the original packaging with wall charger and headphones. I do not think the wall charger provided works but the old one is fine so I don't care. I upgraded to the latest iOS, restored contacts, and connected to Straight Talk without problems. Very happy with this purchase. 5 4 
Delivered in time and phone condition was as described. 5 4 
The screen was replaced already and it cracked way too easy. But other than that I really enjoy having it and it is better than any other phone that I've had. 5 3 
Needed a simple phone for my mom. This phone fits the bill. Great price.it's not a touch screen phone, but that's fine. 5 4 
Excellent everything perfect, good new product such as this in which the publication, i recommend it because of its seriousness 5 4 
I am really enjoying my phone... Thankful for the extra USB cords I was giving. Everything works to fit my satisfaction 5 4 
My wife likes the phone and will upgrade as soon as our provider allows he too. also very happy with the camera. 5 4 
I am very busy and use my phone a lot for business. I am always hesitant to get a new phone because I hate to "figure it out".This Iphone 4s has been the easiest phone that I have EVER owned and it's FUN! 5 2 
Seems to be a good value. 5 4 
Great so far. no issues. product had no scratches! 5 4 
I bought a used one, but condition is very good like new as described, love it, will recommend it to my friends. 5 4 
