As usual, Apple make an extraordinary gadget with great presentation, nice design, awesome speed and very nice user interface.Excellent productI love it 5 4
First off I have never returned or complained about a purchase I made on Amazon, even though at times I should have. I was skeptical of purchasing a refurbished I-phone, but the price was fair, initially I was impressed, the phone looked as it was never used, arrived when it was supposed to, the phone was unlocked and activating it my service provider was easy. However the speaker does not work, meaning other than with headphones, there's no music, no alarm, and no speaker phone. Disappointed, I need this phone in a hurry so returning it and waiting for a repair or replacement defeats the entire purpose 2 3 
These phones are all non apple/genuine parts usually of cheaper quality. You are not getting a genuine iphone. Even the glass is a cheaper glass. 1 2 
did work after three month 4 1 
Next time I will get a better one 3 5 
This item was purchased for someone else. its used really battered! but for this price! what would one expect. this item came a day early! and with no damage 2 3 
Just like the advertisement said, but the "free" case was pink... Seriously? Battery also seems shorter than typical even for an iPhone. 4 3 
Well, there is not much to say about an iphone when you have been using them since the first generation came out. There are not a lot of differences between this model and the iphone 4, just Siri a little bit of speed and more weight. I bought this one for a cousin and she loved it. I have the iPhone 5 and find its screen, besides being taller (not wider) shows richer colors. 5 4 
Excelente producto, a pesar de ser usado, esta en muy buenas condiciones tanto estéticamente como funcionalmente. El teléfono es desbloqueado para todo el mundo.!! 5 4 
I have had some problems with this phone but, in general, it is in good conditions. I recommend every body to contact the seller first before buying to ensure the full functionality of your future device. The devices, they are selling, are used but they have to be able to do all their operations. With the money I expended to repair my device, I could have bought a new one. 3 4 
The phone came with some scratches in the back that weren't mentioned in the description. Also came with some photos and one of a naked man. Totally inappropiate. The delivery in perfect time. 4 1 
JOHN , I HAD BOUGHT THE PHONE AND HAVING THE SAME PROBLEM WITH THE FIRMWARE ,HOW DID U FLASH IT WITH THE INTERNATIONAL VERSION . PLS DO ASSIST .THANK U . 3 4 
No problem with the cell. It works amazingly well 4 5 
Is original product and works perfectly well 4 5 
great phone, arrived ontime and as promised. it was just what i needed to travel. accepted the sim and i was able to change sims when i changed countries. 5 4 
The phone is okay. Keys are too small for my hands. The battery life is terrible, I have to keep switching back to my old phone to saty up & running. I wish I had b ought a slide-out keyboard type phone instead. For the money...disappointed! 3 2 
Still use it,came in locked,had to get a code to unlock it.It loses service and I have to keep doing a battery pull each time to reset it.Still using it but I would still recommend it as a good product. 4 3 
not as good as vivo 5 or vivo 5r but a good phone none the less. 4 3 
Phones in great shape except the flash doesn't work wish they would have said that. 2 3 
Ordered this iPhone 5 after much research and finding that it's the ideal phone for traveling because it is unlocked and it has the most LTE bands covered compared to the Euro/Asia GSM and US AT&T models. It has worked perfectly although currently I'm traveling to places with limited LTE coverage, so I can't say much about how fast it loads up on data connections. A few things to consider when moving from the 4 and 4s (per my experience): the wallpapers will look wrong so you'll need to get new ones especially made for the iphone 5's screen size; on the Converter that I use, I'm glad to see more of the currencies I've selected, without having to scroll down; and, the lighter weight kinda takes getting used to. It really is lighter than the 4/4s and is wonderful in that regard. For music lovers, I recommend getting the bigger memory models as the 16GB one easily get filled up. 5 4 
Just as advertised. Arrived promptly. 4 5 
GRACIAS ME LLEGO EL PROCTO QUE COMPRE Y LLEVO EN EL MOMENTO INDICADO Y EN UN BUEN ENVALAJE LO RECOMIENDO SASTIFACTORIAMENTE.. 5 4 
Take a step back and think about this thing. It has an identical screen to, and RAM of, an Iphone 6 Plus, for a sixth the price. Pop in an SD for more storage. Similar or better form factor too, with nice stereo speakers and better earbuds than an Iphone. Performance is smooth, and it updated immediately to Marshmallow. What's not to like?I guess one thing. Reports around the web indicate the screen may crack under light pressure/drops. So get a case and screen protector. Because this is an older model phone, both can be found cheap at the usual suspects. 4 5 
Battery was bad from the start. I would have returned but Apple has a free battery replacement on this model number. 4 3 
i received it quickly, which was nice. And there wasn't much visible damage. Butwhat the listing failed to tell me was that the headphone jack is faulty, and only plays music outof the left headphone, no matter what wards or headphones you use. This really sums for mebecause part of there reason I like iPhones so much is the fact that they can be used for music.honestly, this blows. You're better off just buying a new one. 2 1 
I received this cell phone locked and I bought it unlocked, I am not satisfied. Dont sell products with features they do not have. 3 1 
I loved this phone it works perfectly no scrashes or finger prints but I do have a little trouble with the battery all though great apple phone! 5 4 
Because it have a fail in the screen, i have been here in the EE.UU for 8 days more, please i need an answer quickly 1 2 
good I have problems with bb9780 phone with the trackpad, I received it on Tuesday, 9, and start using it gave me problems the center key and does not want to work, who can tell me that, it is a new phone, thanks 2 3 
Good condition - fast shipping - works fine with minor defect in screen but overall pretty good deal 4 5 
why you take from my credit carte yhe amente of 360 dollarsi send to you your apple phone because this ulockedand you telle me okwahts this 5 1 
The phone doesn't keep time! I carry my old cracked one around so I know what time it is... Probably why I got such a good deal... 1 2 
IT IS A CDMA PHONE THAT DOES WORK HERE IN THE BAHAMAS, I AM SO PISSED AT THIS PURCHASE! NEVER AGAIN WILL I DO THIS EVER! SO THE PHONEIS WORTHLESS HERE! 2 1 
The phone was not as described . 1 3 
Slightly longer batter doesn't trump s*** phone. 2 1 
My phone is already acting up. Shuts off randomly and over heats. 1 2 
it doesnt even cute on now 2 3 
This phone worked great for 6 months. The battery life was phenomenal, the systems were all simple to use, no issues. Then, the nightmare began. At first, the battery would die once it hit 95%. I would have to put the phone back on the charger and wait for it to reboot up and charge back up to 100, then less than an hour later it would happen again. Eventually it stopped allowing me to do anything at all. Alcatel has no real support, save a call number that will not do anything for you. I tried replacing the battery, but same issue continued. I took it into a local repair shop and after three weeks they gave it back to me and refunded all charges, telling me that it must be a software issue, because the battery and charging ports work fine. However, because Alcatel doesn't have any real customer troubleshooting or service, I have no way to fix it. There is a reason people buy from trusted companies with well established reputations for troubleshooting and repairs. Save yourself the headache and get a Moto G or just sell your soul and get an IPhone. You shouldn't have to drop $250 on something that'll last less than six months. 2 1 
The phone condition was good and it works well. 5 4 
This phone is very sleek and solid in performance with 3GB RAM for good price. Battery efficiency is so good and will give standby backup of two days. Good phone for the one who looks for affordable price!! Android pay app will not be compatible with this device.. 4 5 
Well, there is not much to say about an iphone when you have been using them since the first generation came out. There are not a lot of differences between this model and the iphone 4, just Siri a little bit of speed and more weight. I bought this one for a cousin and she loved it. I have the iPhone 5 and find its screen, besides being taller (not wider) shows richer colors. 5 4 
Poor battery life.rest all is good. BB is designed for business use but if the battery dies in d middle of a meeting whats the use of having a phone.this is my last Blackberry handset.. henceforth no Blackberry for me. 2 3 
Worked OK for awhile now every time I tap the back it shuts off 1 3 
I was so excited to get this phone although right away I had to have it repaired which was $50.00. I did not even have a clue that it would need to be unblocked until I purchased the right stuff to activate the phone and could not use it. So I am very disappointed that I have to spend more money to get it unblocked so in the long run I can only use it now to play games. I will not be buying any other phone at all from Amazon and I have purchased alot of things from this website. 4 3 
Bad volume takes 9 hrs to fully charge speaker phone low big phone but slow and for straight talk carriers u have to buy $60 SIM kit to switch over 3 2 
Desde Venezuela confirmo que este producto es excelente. entregas eficaz. Muchas gracias.. espero volver a realizar compras a este vendedor. 5 4 
I am very happy with the product. I received the product in a timely fashion (got delivered in exactly 3 days). and the phone was in very good condition like new. Usually when you order an unlocked phone there's some minor scratches and what not but this phone is like new. The only reason I gave this only 4 stars is because I received the wrong battery cover to the phone. I am hoping the seller will send me the battery cover soon. Till then I will stay with the 4 stars. 4 5 
For once, something that was exactly as advertised! I'm always leery when I buy something from a "new start up". 5 4 
it's very nice, thank you so muchbut I miss the head phone set, it come without. 3 4 
I had to return this product because the speakers were shot.. It was difficult to understand what was being said on the other end of the line, but not impossible. It otherwise worked perfectly. 2 3 
I got this product and I thought that the phone was going to be working. Come to find out that the Sim card tray was no good and it couldn't ready any Sim card from any carrier. The exterior of the phone was in good condition though. 3 2 
I was told I was buying a new phone, not a refurbished one. Very upsetting, but it works mostly well. It goes a little crazy when I put the phone in silent mode and the head jack input was dirty (also works mostly well). But I afraid that this phone won't last. I guess if you want new you should buy straight from apple. 1 3 
I found it difficult to get it working in Dominican Rep. I had to go to many different places before the " Unlocked fro any GSM carrier worldwide" would work worldwide! 3 4 
This phone was for ATT so I had to change from Verizon over to them. It says it's compatible with all companies. The phone has already stopped working. I went this direction to save me some money for now but ended up spending more buying a new phone and going back to Verizon whom I will stay with due to issues also with ATT. There was no receipt in the box in case you needed to return or contact the seller. The phone was okay, it looked good but didn't last long. 2 1 
El producto llego bien y en buen estado, pero lo malo es que a pesar de que en las caracteristicas dice que tiene la frecuencia de 850Mhz para que funcione el 3G (HSDPA) el que me llego no la tiene, me siento decepcionado, Amazon debería hacer una revisión muy detallada de las caracteristicas de los productos que ofrece para que no pase este tipo de situaciones, me siento estafado y si poder hacer una devolución pues vivo en Ecuador 2 4 
There is an issue with the wifi chip not working which is common with a lot of 4S's. Unfortunately, there is no way of fixing it so you'd going to end up with a phone that will only be able to use data. 1 2 
it's a good phone for taking pic, messaging and texting. Down side is have to log in to download every app. 4 3 
I really wanted to like this device, but after opening it I noticed a bright spot near the bottom of the display. After a few days this spot grew into two and got much brighter. Tapping the screen, made that area flash almost as if it were under a lot of pressure.Performance of the phone was good, but in the end I returned it before the display issue really panned out. Does not matter how inexpensive a product is, it should arrive in 100% working condition. 3 2 
Recebi no tempo correto, o produto é exatamente o que eu queria, e a negociaçao foi perfeita, a embalagem estava intacta.REcomendo o site e tambem o produto. 5 4 
I will be honest about this device i did not like it at first and i wanted to sell it in the next hr after opening it not because it was messed up or the packaging was destroyed because tbh the package and the device is and was flawless (for the device of course lol) but after i downloaded tons of apps (well not tons but a lot more then i had on my last phone) i love this phone. Its fast and its definitely slim. However when i go to go on Facebook i cant go live and on top of that i cant do the emojis like the heart button for the like etc Please bring back that !! 4 3 
My plan phone was ruined at a beach party and I wasn't due for an upgrade for many months. This was a great deal and a good phone! Amazon shipped it super fast and I couldn't be happier with the phone 4 5 
Phone was not Verizon compatible. but they did refund the purchase & shipping, so it was just inconvenient. 1 3 
Phone is overall decent but was unaware that cannot send videos longer than 10 seconds. Asus put so much money into a great product but failed in some of the minor departments. overall a good phone but expected more 2 3 
The telephone receipt a bit late but enough good works of I throw only lacking him the memory of 16 gb because of it do not give him the complete qualification one sees good to be reconstructed 4 3 
it fuctions. I ordered a 100-5 but got a 100-3 not a big deal. delivered on time. 4 3 
bought this item for jamaica but it only works with one of the phone carrier out there and it not the carrier i boughtit for .. 3 2 
I came to this phone from using a Nexus 4 for the last two and a half years and my initial impressions were very mixed. Starting with the positive things, I love the LTE, the bigger and more color accurate screen, the battery life, the expandable storage, the dual front facing speakers, and how light it is and how thin it is. All big improvements! I also appreciate the very light touch Alcatel used with their skin on Android. It's almost stock.So many great things and yet it was almost all brought down by an Achilles heel. The thing that really bugged me was that moving in and out of apps was really sluggish and choppy and not smooth at all. All of these things are super smooth on the Nexus 4, which is a 2012 phone. Even swipe typing on Google Keyboard was not great. I came pretty close to sending it back and getting a new Moto G.(I have no proof of this, but my guess is that the phone sends almost all of its processes to the slower of the two chipsets in the Snapdragon 615, the one clocked at 1ghz. Unfortunately there's no "high performance" option anywhere that would make everything run on the 1.5ghz chipset. The Nexus 4 proves this is plenty to run Android smoothly.)I didn't want to get a Moto G, especially after seeing (and hearing, seriously those speakers are great) this phone. Thankfully, Android is a pretty flexible OS and I was able to take matters into my own hands and make things more palatable. First thing I did was turn all animations off in the developer options. Second thing I did was I installed Nova launcher and selected the options to make things run "faster than light." Everything is MUCH smoother after doing those two things. Still not quite as smooth as the Nexus 4, but probably 95% of the way there. Close enough where I can deal with it and I can enjoy the good things about the phone that I admittedly skimped on in the first paragraph.So I really like this phone now. It's everything I wanted. It just took some tinkering to get there. 4 2 
after about a week or so the lock button keep sticking I would not get this if I was you keep looking elsewhere 1 2 
good phone great price i am happy 4 5 
It's amazing for the price. Sure it isn't as fast as flagship phones being an owner of an m9, but for what I payed it's a 5/5. 5 4 
I would of gave it five stars. The phone looked great. The only issue was that it was still attached too the previous owners iTunes account. There for I was unable to activate this phone. 3 2 
Love my phone and the service I received from J&R they are great! 4 5 
Wasn't unlock had to ship it to the states to get apple to unlock it 1 3 
This phone was great for about the first week I had it. Now I have to restart it about 2x a day because it freezes so much. It has trouble connecting to the WIFI, and it runs really slow. It has about a gig of space left on it, and none of the apps I use are very heavy. Not to mention I close them all the time! Going to be looking for a new phone very soon. Will not buy again. 1 2 
1st phone would completely discharge after 2.5 hrs. Automatically mute itself so you couldn't hear it ring. Voice quality was fuzzy. Seller was not easy to deal with and after shipping the phone back to him, he denied there was anything wrong with it and was going to charge a 6% restocking fee!! After finally convincing him of the issues, he did send a working, quality phone. 5 1 
I bought this used and it had few noticeable scratches that weren't mentioned. I enjoy this product, it works faster than the iPhone 4s and came with new fully functional charger, headphones and cord. I am very happy with my purchase. 4 5 
Software issues within the first week, speaker issues immediately. Go buy a new one never refurbished from these guys, GREAT customer service when I emailed them about poor phone though 1 2 
This was a fairly beat up phone that worked well and had tons of features, I bought this 2 or 3 years ago and now its sitting in a drawer but the seller was very helpful in answering my questions and the phone was great for the money 4 3 
the sim I brought didn't fit the phone and I returned it on Wednesday the 14 3 1 
Wasn't unlock had to ship it to the states to get apple to unlock it 1 3 
good afternoonI make a reference question to my phone iphone 5, which acquired through you .. do four months my phone just gets the iphone logo that is on the apple which does not allow me access to the device functions .. .what can I do 1 2 
after 1 year is having some issues 3 2 
Packaging was good, what it can with was good, but the phone itself I had problems with. I currently have tmobile and the phone is lacking service every now and then, I had s few stops between apple and tmobile, both saying its SIM card. So far havnt figure out a solution 3 2 
arrive not on time was expected,, was arrive in new year 2013...disapointedGooday & happy new year god bless peace. 3 5 
Completely unlockec new phone. Pretty good though seems a bit slow. But if you consider doing only basic phone functions and chats, then shouldnt face troubles. 5 4 
It was only gold. Not rose gold 2 4 
This phone was in good condition but was not able to work in my country...advise ensure you have all the info so you would not be at a loset..but I was please with the product just didn't get to enjoy the use of it. 3 2 
Valid for Movilnet in Venezuela, low memory, bad camera, low price, great!! 3 4 
Bought the phone from RnD Outlet - 'New' from Amazon. Recieved the phone and took it to an Apple store to give it a check over. Unsurprising the phone is not New. It was Sold in a Best Buy in 2010 (thanks to the apple store guys for checking it for me). It has no warranty, obviously because it is not new but at least the internal parts are all legitimate apple components. The plastic screen protectors have been removed and put back on again - you can tell because there are specks of dirt or grit all over it (another point to it being second hand). On the plus side it does indeed appear to be Unlocked. Not going to return it, it looks in good enough condition. Hopefully it is not going to die in the first few months. 3 2 
This phone worked fine for about 5 months and then it quit capturing v-mail messages and would only show text messages sporadically and mostly only when I was at home and in close range of Wi-Fi. I took it to the Apple Store and they said there was nothing they could do and it is no longer in warranty. A total bust! 1 2 
u sold me this phone and told me that charger is on the way and is been 3 month,when is the charger coming 3 1 
Received on time works just like new only minor ware but it's alright 5 4 
It did come faster than expected but it came with many complications. The functionality is great but it did have multiple cracks in the screen. Whoever had it before me didn't fulfill there AT&T contract so I have to pay to get the phone unkocked instead of having it f one through the carrier. Lastly, when I turn on the Photo Stream, pictures that aren't mine pop up... Most of them very explicit pictures. 2 3 
I bought a refurbished phone it did not look right at all. The silver trim would easily peel away from the phone and the piece of plastic above the keyboard with the call/end keys did not line up correctly with the rest of the phone.It ran pretty slow, but I'm sure that can be attributed to the BlackBerry OS. 2 3 
iphone is iCloud locked please send me email and password via email toaaronnation23@aol.com 5 2 
the headphone does not work. 2 1 
Attractive phone but did not work upon arrival. I would not recommend. 1 2 
bluetooth doesnt workits a tad glitchy now and thencharging is a tad spotty and slow at timesit can get really laggybut i can live with all these things; it was a great price! 4 3 
Outdated phone would not accept updates and locked up if you tried. We ended up trading it on a new IPhone for our son and got more on trade than I paid for the phone. 3 2 
I use this phone for the apps and for wi-fi. I cannot use it as a phone because everyone I tried said they were not capatible the whole reason I picked a phone without a SIM card was so I could choose who I wanted as my carrier but after spending an entire day driving around I found out it wasn't capatible with Straight Talk, Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, Boost, or T- Mobile. So if you need a phone to use as a phone don't pick this one but if you are looking for something you can use for the apps and to get on line using wifi then the phone works great. 3 2 
Great Phone, it is scratched a little on the side but the case will cover it. Works well like brand new! 4 5 
the equipment is released please do not publish false information that is all I play it back, that waste of time do not recommend 3 1 
im sorry but my IPhone 4S 32 GB is not working perfectly, the battery does not charge, i would like to know about guarantee, what can i do?? 2 3 
works good for 3G and above. Simple to use. No frills. 5 4 
My sister loves it except the volume button does not work and one of the speakers are blown out.... Crap for the money you pay. 4 5 
 First let me begin with a specific piece of information that I think needs to be stated. I will test this phone with a SIM borrowed but I won't really be using it long term with cellular service at this time. I do want to offer an opinion on call and reception quality though so it will be tested in this way.Results... calls are clear on both ends without any issues and seems to be working fine in relation to both 3G and 4G.On to the rest of the phone done with the pro/con format:Pro:Big screen, bright and easy to see.MicroSD expansion option3000mAh batteryPretty good cameras (mostly the rear is what I care about)Lot of memoryNice colorDual SIM (not that I'm likely to use it though)Cons:Plastic (I'm used to aluminum phones)Fixed batteryLower clocked CPU @ 1.8Ghz (Quad core though)Button placement (biggest con for me)Speakers (I'm used to front facing Harman Kardon speakers)Additional thoughts:The interface is a love hate thing for most people. I really love the HTC Sense GUI and so I am used to that in my last three phones. The Asus Zen GUI is really nice and many useful Asus apps are included. The layout I was originally concerned about but turns out I could VERY easily live with it daily. I was very pleasantly shocked by how smooth and fast and intuitive things are with this phone. In the end it comes down to personal preference. (I really dislike the Samsung GUI for example but like their hardware).Price... I feel for the speed and overall look and feel and being unlocked it is a very good phone, feels a lot like a flagship model in operation also it doesn't offer all the bells and whistles some phones are currently sporting.Question:Since I am not using it like a normal cell phone why do I want it?Answer:I dislike killing my main phone's battery and want the portability of a phone but the functionality of a tablet. This phablet is the perfect compromise offering a great size and feature set.I have a drone that needs a phone to control it and portability is an important factor so this is a nice quick device that I am hoping works well to use with my drone as the remote control. Around WiFi I can surf the web and check emails and not use my main cell. Also nice to have a backup phone and I may even use this as a pay as you go option at some point so I didn't want to get into big money with a phone to find out I won't use it.So plenty of good and not so good but overall none of the cons are all that bad considering $250 beats $600+. If you can use this phone on your network then I don't think you can go wrong with it.Review sample provided free or at a discounted price for a fair, unbiased, and honest review. 4 2 
A very cool design, awsome layout, and good quality for a really fair price. The only problem with the phone that I've had is with putting in the SD card and SIMs card in and phone will reboot itself sometimes but all is good for how much it is 5 4 
I still have this phone, I am determined to unlock it, it is super tied toVerizon, and it is not anyones fault except Verizon, they tell everyone who buysthese phones from them they are unlocked but they are not. On Blackberry wasabsolutely sealed on the back, so no sim card could be put in or another battery.The absolute nerve of these people. But, still the way to get it unlocked is tofind a teenager who knows cell phones, which ones don't? Or go to a geek I willgo to a geek. I love this phone, easy to carry and easy to use.It meets all my needs and was shipped right away. I will prevail as soon asI can get to the city and find a geek place to get this opened and running.Again Amazon has the best prices and fast shipping on such great cell phones,check them out first. 2 4 
This phone works great for a middle-of-the-line phone. It is functional and easy to use. Compact and holds a charge better than most smart phones on the market. 4 5 
Had this phone for 6 months now with no issues. Works just as well and better than any $700 phone I have had. Seriously folks, it's a phone. We call, we text and we surf the web, why pay $700 for the newest Samsung. It's crazy. Will never buy another high priced phone again. 5 4 
I'm pleased with my purchase. I would definitely do it again. It's taken some getting used to, after being an avid droid user always, but I have not been let down. I've had the phone a week now. The clarity of my is much better than the previous droid, or couple of previous droids, I had. Overall, I am a happy customer at this point and happy with my phone. 4 5 
The phone packaging was great! However, when it came to the actual phone I was rather a but disappointed!Firstly, the phones home button is not properly in and wabbles around like it will pop out any second! Secondly, the battery life is not the greatest, especially for the price. And lastly, the phone is rather laggy and quite slow! 4 3 
The phone works great the plastic over the sceen looked old but when I removed it the phone look like new.... 4 5 
Cheap quality touch screen broke on a 8 inch fall. The accessories that comes with the equipment are cheap also. 1 2 
Comes ready to activate and simple instructions to activate it. It just didn't come with extra chargers or car charger 5 4 
is a good product and I is working very well, this provider met my expectations by giving me a good quality product, I am very pleased with this purchasethanks 3 4 
The phone That Was selected in the section of unlocked phones, so It was like I was looking, for When I Get My Hands I Noticed That the equipment is locked and in my country I can not unlock. I am not Satisfied with the purchase and request that I change it so we can make use of the phone you buy. Apple iPhone 4 Black Smartphone 32GB (AT&T) 1 2 
Be aware, this is a 2G GSM phone. AT&T won't activate it (maybe they would with a go-phone SIM, but after 4 hours of customer service, I gave up.)However, at the time of writing this review, T-Mobile is still activating 2G phones.Eventually, 2G will be phased out. When that happens, this phone won't be useable. 3 2 
This product arrived on time. I haven't had the phone activated. But this experience was a A+.No problems. 4 5 
The Battery power is great! It usually lasts me 3 days when I use it only when needed. Only downside is that Windows doesn't carry most of the apps as Androids. The camera was decent but not great. Sound was again just decent. I like the size perfect for people with small hands like myself. Storage is poor but perfect with a MicroSD. In all I give it a 3 out of five. I still prefer Androids with Google Playstore 3 4 
The phone does not hold a charge for very long and shuts off when it at 50% charge. 3 1 
This vendor sold us an 'as is' phone that didn't work. From day one there was a short in the charge terminal. We tried many different methods to charge the phone and it just wouldn't take a charge. You had to hold the wire 'just so' to get any action and then, it may or may not charge. This phone was a complete waste of money for us. 2 1 
Freezes alot. But i bought primarily for playing back my music instead of my BB. Its a great phone for SMS and rings really loud. The body is strong and neat 4 3 
These are the type of people who make you not want to buy anything on-line. I lost 500 dollars and will never trust buying on-line again. This is the type of seller who makes it difficult for other who are just starting out. I just can not express how much this seller should be in jail. 1 2 
Despite claiming the product only has minor cosmetic defects possibly and has been tested by professional technicians, the front camera does not work. I am disappointed that this product was able to pass any seller or professional's quality standards as a properly refurbished product. Not only does this cause me a significant inconvenience in that I will have to find a way to return it, but I will also have to be without a working phone when I am waiting for calls regarding important personal commitments. 1 2 
I got this iPhone right on time but there were many problems with that. Camera didn't work. All information from previous owner was their. Basically seller didn't clean up the phone and everything such as email contact numbers and etc we're there. I return the item and got my money back. 2 1 
The begging, i had a problem with verder.but the company is sincerity help me, service is good and hope deal with this company next time! 5 4 
It was as expected...used.. BUT.. did not disclose that the video was not working properly and that I would have to put the ball 2 to 3 times to get the phone to react to a command. But for a used phone at the cost I paid, it was pretty decent. 3 4 
Worked only for a month 2 1 
beware this is the no camera verson, you can get it for 20 at other places with no camera, and 40 with the camera 2 1 
The phone had already some repair done to it. The on and off device was broken and I had to bring it to a repair shop to make it again. It costs me 50$. The repairman discovered it was repaired before. Since I was abroad it was to hard to sent the phone back. Very bad business. I was conned. Severina Kolloffel 1 2 
I was expecting the phone to be in better condition than I received it. One of the speakers doesn't work, AT ALL and there are 2 pretty big dents along the edges of the phone. 3 2 
Well this review is for a phone I purchased a couple of years ago to use on my trips to South America. Not sure of any of the current vendors but as for the phone it self it is good and does what it is made to do. It is dated now but if you are in the market for a Blackberry this is a decent choice. It was unlocked all I had to do was pop in a sim and add some minutes and was good to go. This is a great phone to use while traveling thru South America in my experience as I am always warned not to pull out my new iPhone and it works so yeah. Even though I don't see many people looking to purchase this phone as 2016 is only a few days away. Reading a few of the other reviews I would advise you to research the seller more than this phone itself as it is a solid product. I guess another point to make is that you can probably find a android smart phone with apps galore for the same price as this phone that would serve the same purpose with more functionality which is why I am only giving 4 stars. 4 3 
Unfortunately, this item did not come quite as promised. It's in great condition, no question, but it arrived without a sim card. It was a gift and when I gave it to my son, he discovered the sim card was missing and took the one from his old iPhone 5 and put it in this one. This phone does not hold a charge and doesn't always work as it should. The Verizon staff told us that often when a phone arrives without a sim card (and this one was supposed to have been a Verizon phone, it is often stolen. I hope that isn't the case with this one, but either way, I'm pretty disappointed that I spent $176.00 on a phone that didn't arrive the way it was promised, and doesn't work properly. 2 3 
Exactly what I was expecting.thank you. 5 4 
Did not work properly. They let me return it without any problems. 1 3 
I bought three of these phones before,I got case and ear piece this time I did not get a case or an ear piece>The phone looks ok haven't used it Im giving my sister it as a gift 3 4 
Worked fine for 2 weeks and then the speaker went out 2 3 
Delivery was on time . The phone look good ,product details says excellent physical condition will come with box,manual and USB charger,but when I try to turn the on/off button is not function I was so disappointed and no USB charger, now I don't even know if I get someone fix it would the phone still work . I was so mad . 1 2 
It has some scratches on the frame and it looks like it has been used for a few months. Not brand new. 2 3 
This phone was locked, although I ordered an unlocked phone. It also came with a verizon sim although I ordered an international unlocked phone. Would not recommend this to anyone. 2 1 
I asked other people questions on Amazon about whether it would work with digi mobil (movistar). Everyone said it would. It required a sim adapter.So now on to my review.Anyone who gives this phone 5 stars has never owned a premium smartphone. For this review I am comparing to my Samsung Galaxy S5Touchscreen: With the factory provided screen protector on, sometimes its unresponsive, sometimes it freezes. I have to hold down on a touch screen button most of the time for the phone to realize its being touched and then less than half the time the button will respond. Take the screen protector off and it works marvelously, but then you risk damaging the screen.Network: Movistar DigiMobil (pay as you go plan) When I got my SIM I bought a Samsung Galaxy Young 2 to use it in. No major issues aside from phone size. In the young 2 my whatsapp worked fine and I could send texts and make phone calls in my whatsapp on only my mobile network no Wifi. Now that my SIM is in the Lenovo, it will not allow me to transmit in whatsapp at all unless connected to wifi.-In addition, there is no Internet or google play access without wifi.This is a s*** phone and is being returned 1 4 
I bought this phone for my sister as a replacement for her older 3GS that quit working. She has limited funds so newer model iPhones were not possible and past problems with used phones made that not an option. The 3GS is a dinosaur but it still has great features and is very easy for almost anyone to use. The iPhone 3GS purchased from Tablet Distributors and fulfilled by Amazon was as described, new and unlocked. It came in the original packaging with wall charger and headphones. I do not think the wall charger provided works but the old one is fine so I don't care. I upgraded to the latest iOS, restored contacts, and connected to Straight Talk without problems. Very happy with this purchase. 5 4 
great phone, good price, fast shipping, only problem was the extra charge by FedEx that I did not expect. 3 4 
it was not open so i had to take it to someone to get it open. HHH HHH HHH HH HHH HHH 3 1 
This phone is aesthetically pleasing, and would be great if it didn't start freezing moments after taking it out of the box. Honestly, I wish it wasn't so slow, but that's what you get for the price. 2 3 
The phone was in great conditions make sure to ask for the real descriptions of the phone and that the phone is ESN clean 3 5 
Blu studio 5.0 unlocked phone is not good. Battery stability is only 30-40 minutes. So as new phone it is not up to the mark does not fulfill my demand. 2 3 
The phone is good, but not perfect. The number of apps is enough, but it is not so fluent when using the apps. 4 3 
The camera volume isn't work 4 1 
I had gotten the phone and the condition is great but the screen had issues and I had to pay an extra amount of money to get it replaced. But otherwise works great. 3 4 
was in rough shape and wasnt unlocked 2 1 
Loved everything about the phone except the camera which totally sucked if you didn't have the perfect lighting situation. If having a good camera isn't important to you then it's a good phone. 2 3 
Its really a Excellent product but charger plug on cell phone side is super loose. Since its charger is not universal that creates dependency incase of loose plug otherwise its worth to give 5 stars. 2 3 
I like my phone it's really nice comparing to other ones. It works perfectly but the only concern I have is the battery doesn't last for long time don't know why. 5 4 
no charger no headphone i though its a package with accessories so cant use it immediately and lcd have already 2lines on lcd 3 2 
i got a broken batery, it doesn't work. the screen has a pale spot, it looks like the surface is sticked to the inner scree 2 1 
I did not receive my order items. 1 3 
The phone seems to be ok but the battery had to be replaced after less than 6 months 2 3 
The device is awesome. But why i don't have Blackberry maps in my home folder? I have it when i search for it. When i use it, its not working. I downloaded Google maps as well and that is not working either. Its connectivity to WiFi networks is slow and the GPS is not properly working I use H2O wireless carrier whit n plan. U think that is it? I think if i get one of those T-mobile or AT&T monthly data plans it can work but still, this bugs me alot. 4 3 
it was a refurbished phone, it's unlocked and works OK. i wish they could be more clear and say the phone is refurbished. 3 4 
Delivered in time and phone condition was as described. 5 4 
Product met expectations to the T 4 3 
The camera didn't function well. Camera flip didn't work at all. 3 1 
Battery was dead (like in need of replacement) when I received it. 4 1 
The phone was delivered in apparently good condition. We took it to TMobile, where they activated it with only minor problems. However, the phone was only able to charge once and then never a second time. We tried multiple charging cables with no success. We also could not get the phone to accept entry of its phone number. Based on the charging issues, we gave up and returned it. Very disappointing and I will not try this approach again. 1 3 
Phone does not hold a charge very long 1 2 
I would have given this phone 5 stars if I was able to use it with Cricket Wireless. Apparently, they didn't know what they were doing because I took it to T-Mobile and within 5 minutes of walking through their doors, they were able to get it to work. I wound up switching to T-Mobile and getting a different phone that I fell in love with, the Samsung S6 Edge+. Long story short, I couldn't get my money back because it didn't meet the warranty requirements. 3 2 
The phone was claimed to be new but it was not & it had problems! 3 1 
I've had this phone for just over 6 months now.First, my first one flat out died around Christmas. I woke up and it was just dead, not even a response to power.I sent it to ASUS and they sent me a replacement since it could not be repaired. Process took 3 weeks; kinda long to go without a new phone in hand.PROS- Phone is typically speedy- Plenty of storage with a 64GB microSD card- Phone looks great- Battery lasts over a day for my typical usage. Fast charger works great- First Android phone I haven't felt the need to root- Pictures are crisp and colorfulCONS- Sometimes it takes several minutes after booting for the phone to recognize the apps installed on the external SD card- Crashes are fairly frequent when navigating and streaming music at the same time- First phone died, support was slow for a device you need everyday- Cell reception can vary, usually decent, newer updates have been helping- Some apps fail to load or crash the system frequently, could be due to the Intel processor translating apps made for ARM?- Used to have a case with the cutout, but the ASUS Cover app used a lot of battery- Bloat apps can't be uninstalled, just disabled without root.OverallGreat phone for the price but has a few issues. ASUS trickles out updates slowly. Expected the marshmallow update by now.Case: ASUS Cell Phone Case for Zenfone2 - Retail Packaging - Black/BlackScreen Protector: ASUS ZenFone 2 Screen Protector, iVoler® [2 Pack] ASUS ZenFone 2 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, 0.2mm Slim 2.5D 9H Hardness Featuring Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Warranty 3 2 
Great phone for the price. 4 5 
The screen was replaced already and it cracked way too easy. But other than that I really enjoy having it and it is better than any other phone that I've had. 5 3 
Volume down button was broken upon arrival and that was not specified when I purchased the phone. 1 3 
Its working just fine i rate it a 5 star.... My daughter is very happy and Pleased with it.... 1 4 
Needed a simple phone for my mom. This phone fits the bill. Great price.it's not a touch screen phone, but that's fine. 5 4 
Incredibly poor build quality, in my limited experience. The first phone I received had a failed LCD panel when I took it out of the box (box and packaging had no visible damage). The second one's LCD panel is seperating from the phone's casing and I've been very gentle with it for the few months I've had it. Given this 0/2 track record so far as the two I've received, I can't recommend this phone, especially since purchasing the international version (this version) via Amazon means you won't have a manufacturer warranty for any defects or repairs.The phone also performs more poorly than the Moto G 3rd Gen (same price range, but better build quality) on the original firmware, the newest official firmware, and several of the third party firmwares I've tried (CM, BlissPop, RR, and others). 1 2 
"The phone arrived without key Blackberry software loaded and the touch pad appears to be indented. I've attempted to contact CL using ref. no in the heading - they've replied to send them the order number.... it's a holiday weekend. Stay tuned."The BB World programming software was not loaded and does not appear to be downloadable according to my carrier. The touch pad is depressed below the top of the cover, making it less effective to use - could be a defective phone - working with the folks at Cell Lounge to exchange - for a fully functional model I hope. UPDATE - Cell Lounge called me and is arranging to have phone exchanged for replacement. New phone arrived over night service at no extra cost to me. The physical condition of this phone appears good - touch pad is not defective on this one - and even though I still had to find a way to download the BB World app, (apparently on universal type phones such as these available aftermarket), it's possible not to have them all loaded. T Mobile was able to connect me with a BB specialist who was able to walk me through the process so I could get it on the phone and synced to my table. yay! Thank you Cynthia for your kind help and excellent follow up! 4 2 
Arrived super quick & works perfectly fine 3 5 
Phone is in great condition other than the proximity sensor not working. 3 4 
When I first received the phone, it was wonderful. Then about after a month the power button started to have issues. The screen would turn on, but would be red in color or only the back-light would turn on.I called support to get an RMA, based on what is posted out there I thought I could get an advance replacement. One support representative said yes, but the other said no.The repair is going to take about 5-7 days, but in the mean time I would have no phone. So I had to spend another $200 to get a Moto G4 as a replacement while this one is sent in.I have purchased unlocked phones on a regular basis, but this has not been one of the best purchases over time. I would stay away from this one, spend a little more money to get the Moto G4 or if you can afford it go with a OnePlus3. 3 2 
I purchased this product because it was listed as "New". It has worked well, but the battery doesn't seem to hold a charge as well as I thought a new product's battery should. The initial battery charge I made seemed to take almost a full 24 hours, much longer than I thought it would take. I took the phone to the Apple Genius Bar tonight to run a diagnostic on the battery and the result was disappointing. The diagnostic indicated the battery was working properly, it also indicated that it had been connected to a charging device more than 500 times, which the genius bar tech said was not a "new" phone. 3 2 
This phone worked fantastic for about 6 months. Now it's constantly having issues functioning and seems to be progressively getting worse. Little to no updates from the company. Sorry but I definitely won't ever purchase another phone made my this company. 1 2 
This product arrived in 3 weeks after my purchased. I had to return because I was in my country when it wasreceived in Houston. 3 1 
I bought it for a gif to a friend in Venezuela but she told me that the memory is too small so it is almost impossible to download apps as Instagram or Facebook so keep on mind because I think that it is very important to know it . 2 3 
I got it for less than 60 bucks. Have had it for like two weeks and I have no complains so far.The Camera could be better (specially the front facing) but is not that bad [I'm not a selfie fan anyway].The system is fluid. It works better than muy old BLU Avance 4 which was kind of slow.Speaker quality is also not the best, but to me not a big deal.I'm happy with it, considering what I paid.'''''''''''''''''''''UPDATE''''''''''''''''''''''''''Well, just after 5 months with this cellphone, it DIED. Not even a year it lasted.I was happy with it.Now it just will not turn on.I plug in the charger and the LED turns on but that's it. 1 5 
completely satisfied with this product orders arrived the day stipulated ... agree with the request if this provider would advisebut does not work with 3g 4 5 
Excellent everything perfect, good new product such as this in which the publication, i recommend it because of its seriousness 5 4 
I would have liked to know more about ordering ipods so I could have helped my grandkids make thecorrect order. As it stands, the wrong items were ordered and only one of them has indicated arefund will be issued. 2 1 
This is a good all around phone. The camera is a little lacking in my opinion. It takes very grainy photos no matter the ambient lighting. It also takes quite a while for the camera to focus and take the photo and then the subject ends up out of frame, if it happened to be an action shot. The performance on the device is fantastic if you like gaming, or just have multiple apps frequently running this phone gets the job done in the spu/ram department. The overall build quality feels quite cheap to me though and does not feel like a premium device although what can you expect for this price tag but at the same time there are many other asus devices that have quite the premium feel to them. I have become accustomed to the high quality build quality of Sony devices. Overall this seems to be a decent phone especially for the price. And will serve as a good temporary device until the Sony xperia perfomance x comes out. 4 3 
This unit is the second unit that I got off line. The unit I got was supposed to be very good but this is the third I have gotten and this on like the others does not work correctly. This unit when slid open reset and it takes 2 to 3 minutes to reset. I do not believe there is a working Blackberry 9800 torch. A working Torch is great but The first one worked great for 1 year and the speaker blew out. The next one just did not work but it was reconditioned and returned. The next one was a very good unit that again did not work. This one locks the screen or resets the whole phone and very seldom rings. I just bought a new one but I am not holding my breath. 3 1 
I REALLY LIKED THE IPHONE IT WAS A PLACE WHERE I COULD LISTEN TO ALL MY MUSIC. BUT TO DOWNLOAD APPS WAS HARD BECAUSE OF THE IOS 3 4 
I am really enjoying my phone... Thankful for the extra USB cords I was giving. Everything works to fit my satisfaction 5 4 
Amazing cellphone. The OS(processor) consume > 50% of battery, i don't like that. If Asus fix the problem the cellphone is the best. The battery drain its a biggest problem. 4 3 
I have no problem taking the phone to straight talk.The phone came in about 3weeks. The only thing I didn't like was the camera its horrible when trying to get a take picture the pictures wasn't clear 4 3 
Never been a huge fan of iPhones since I was able to escape the brainwashing after the 3GS. Only purchased this for my mother in law who, like all eastern Europeans, love anything apple because it's "premium". The truth is, the iPhone 5 is an outdated, small phone that's very overpriced on the market. 2 5 
Ordered this iPhone as a replacement phone for samsung captivate. Although there were a few mistakes made I am enjoying my new phone (day 1). The seller was very helpful and very courteous and helped solve any issues I had! Good customer service! Completely recommend. 4 5 
Very disappointing, the back cover and a defect does not say, even the two - year contract contract, I want to complain!!!! 1 2 
This model is not good for China Mobile. 2 1 
The phone was in good condition the only problem I had was that I could not open the slide were you put the sim card and it was very hard to open and closed, also the phone did not work with my AT & T sim card, however I did not had to much of a problem getting my money back, Amazon help me with my credit being put back to my account....thanks Amazon for your help. 2 3 
I bought this phone as an unlocked phone but later found upon revving it found out that it was locked with Verizon . I felt cheated because I was not expecting this from Amazon , seller of the phones . 3 1 
There are only a couple problems with the phone.. 1) I can't turn off this extremely loud defining beep that goes off ever 30sec-1min. I tired to get help from the company but they never responded to my emails. The people on the other end of the phone conversation say they can hear it too which leads them to sometimes think its a call coming in on there end. 2) the camera is extremely touchy. You have to have it very still or shots will be blurred.3) internal memory is very low, you can only download a few apps. It reads storage space running low all the time after clearing everything. Other than that its not a bad phone. 4 5 
My wife likes the phone and will upgrade as soon as our provider allows he too. also very happy with the camera. 5 4 
I have purchased this item as a gift for some one.. unfortunately when the person began to use this unit it was found that this unit has a number of physical and mechanical faults and/or problems.. the screen is loose or slack when it is depressed. also the battery get extremely hot after 10-15 minutes use.the phone discharges in about 1hr and needs to be constantly recharge some times 4 times in one day ( 8-12 hrs ). THE unit itself tends to lock up or seize up regularly .I AM DISSAPOINTED.. 3 1 
The phone did not come with a manual so I went on line but was not able to download any info. about that model. I tried using it to get familiar with the functions. It kept dropping text messages and wifi would not work. Also the sound quality was not great. 2 3 
Great cellphone, I received it in very good conditions 4 5 
The battery was dead on arrival. No pun intended.Would have appreciated a link indicating the specs for the batteries so that I could have gotten a spare as a backup. 3 1 
the phone its good, really fast, came with a 2gb sd memory and only english, but the t-mobile doesnt work 3G movistar venezuela, should have known before the purchase. 4 3 
Does NOT work with Verizon service.. Very disappointed. 2 1 
returned would not read sim card. 3 2 
Very much content with the phone. Works really good. 4 5 
Everything is outdated! You literally can't download any apps. Kik, sc, etc. The safari breaks down all the time too. Waste of money. Only thing that works is the camera with bad quality. 1 2 
This is coming from a BB lover since 2002My issues w/ this phone and the BB OS- No Uber app.- This new BB is too wide. 9900 was perfect.Otherwise, the phone is great with the return of the 4 BB hard buttons.Sidenote: I wish that BB didn't waste it's precious resources developing it's own new OS - as their are major glitches w/ Android apps from Amazon Store. A BB running native Android with a BB interface and keyboard would have been the best solution IMO 2 4 
Let me just start out by telling you that the seller I ordered from (BREED) listed this item as "new", not LIKE NEW but actually "NEW" and it was actually refurbished. The phone had dust under the screen and came in a strange (probably fake) box without a berry symbol next to the logo type. All the accessories were new and included though.CARRIERI have AT&T in the U.S. and the phone was unlocked and clean (no carrier info/settings) so manually programming the phone was difficult, even with AT&T's help. Nonetheless, it did work very well on AT&T's network and it had very fast data speeds. The call quality was very clear and SMS was like clockwork.HARDWAREThe phone itself worked well, everything was sturdy and felt very new. The speaker is very loud and clear, the display is decently sized and of good resolution.COMPLAINTSThe only big complaint I had was the keyboard. I'm 6'2" and 270lbs. I'm a pretty big guy. I have decently big hands and the keyboard was near impossible to type on. Other than that, the phone is good but BEWARE OF SELLERS CALLING IT "NEW" if it's not.I ended up returning this phone for the 9900/9930 Bold Touch though. Bigger screen, bigger buttons, faster, but sacrifice of battery life. that's all. 3 2 
I am very busy and use my phone a lot for business. I am always hesitant to get a new phone because I hate to "figure it out".This Iphone 4s has been the easiest phone that I have EVER owned and it's FUN! 5 2 
I recieved the product pretty quick, and its in good condition turns on and works great for the price I paid I am happy. 4 3 
Seems to be a good value. 5 4 
It was not Locked to Sprint it was locked to Verizon. 2 1 
The phone is being returned because the battery would not charge properly. The phone appeared new and I never had the Apple store check it out, so it may or may not be a refurb, returned or used one. Remember that these 4S phones were all built at the same time. So that means that even if you get a new phone, it will have an ancient battery. The phone would take an inordinately long time to charge and would never get up to 100%. After three weeks it got so bad that I was trying to charge it almost all day long. and had to put it into airplane mode so that it could even get up to 40% charge.I would recommend that anyone buying an older phone be very careful to see that the phone charges normally right out of the gate. If it does not, send it back. 2 1 
I was not impressed. There is no talk-to-text feature, which would be fine except that the keyboard had a hard time recognizing what I was typing. I honestly would recommend buying a different phone. 2 3 
It's ok but it needs a better case 3 4 
Did not get a 5.0 got a 3.2 cell phone 2 3 
This Device works fine on some days but then won't work at all on others. The speaker seems to go out a lot and more frequently now since it has been used for a month now? 3 2 
Great so far. no issues. product had no scratches! 5 4 
Nice phone, so far !!! 5 4 
I bought a used one, but condition is very good like new as described, love it, will recommend it to my friends. 5 4 
excellent value for the money. phones have worked well as starter phones for my 12 year old twins 4 5 
I am far from being an expert. I got this phone becuase my 4 year old Blackberry died and had to upgrade, thus new in Android and the phone. All works well except: Battery life is too short. I dont download videos or play games, regular use, but before 6 pm the battery is at 4 % after an all night charge.Second and last issue: Very weak WiFi signal. Within 10 feet to get half decent signal.All the rest work very well. 3 2 
I did like the product and was all set too purchase another until I found out none of my callers could hear me and the phone kept losing my network connection to my Sim card and i missed countless calls. Other than that great phone i guess. Thanks for swift response for the refund. 1 2 
Works great. Bit clunky but can not complain 3 4 
Well, the camera appeared to be broken and the phone itself is kinda slow. Not satisfied at all. Need to order another phone now. 1 2 
To future buyers: note that the charger and data cable are not by Apple, they are each a 3rd party made-in-China item. The protective film also does not fit the phone properly, so you will need to get a new one. The iPhone itself has a chip at the bottom, but overall in decent condition and works as expected. The seller is shrewd in the wording of the description - it sounds as if it's an excellent condition iPhone coming in Apple's original packaging with Apple's data cable and charger and a screen protector, but no, it's a good condition Apple iPhone coming in a random "industrial" box with a 3rd party made-in-China charger data cable and a screen protector that does not fit the phone, so you will indeed need to get a new one.Overall, 4 stars and I am satisfied with my purchase, but it is not exactly as I expected. 4 2 
One side of camera didnt work 3 2 
The software experienced some problems, I need to reset it very frequently. Very nice sreen and takes nice pictures but doesn't work so well. 2 3 
I bought this blackberry bold 9780 hoping to arrive as stated in the specification. BUT unfortunately it was not. on the website says it is RCN72UV model but the model that comes to me is RBE41GW. is a model that does not work 3G in my country. IS A PITY THAT HAVE TO FEEL BUYING FROM AMAZON FRUSTRATION. The phone itself is fine, it's new (I think). Battery comes without any details or leave me the impression that it is fake?..............yo compre este blackberry bold 9780 con la esperanza de que llegara tal como decía en la especificación. PERO lastimosamente no fue así. en la página web dice que es modelo RCN72UV pero el modelo que me llega es RBE41GW. es un modelo que no funciona 3G en mi país. ES UNA LÁSTIMA QUE TENGA QUE SENTIR FRUSTRACIÓN COMPRANDO DE AMAZON. El teléfono en sí esta bien, es nuevo (creo). la batería viene sin ningún detalle o sea me deja la impresión que es falsificado? 3 2 
