did work after three month 4 1  4 1
Next time I will get a better one 3 5  3 5
This item was purchased for someone else. its used really battered! but for this price! what would one expect. this item came a day early! and with no damage 2 3  2 3
I have had some problems with this phone but, in general, it is in good conditions. I recommend every body to contact the seller first before buying to ensure the full functionality of your future device. The devices, they are selling, are used but they have to be able to do all their operations. With the money I expended to repair my device, I could have bought a new one. 3 4  3 2
The phone came with some scratches in the back that weren't mentioned in the description. Also came with some photos and one of a naked man. Totally inappropiate. The delivery in perfect time. 4 1  4 2
JOHN , I HAD BOUGHT THE PHONE AND HAVING THE SAME PROBLEM WITH THE FIRMWARE ,HOW DID U FLASH IT WITH THE INTERNATIONAL VERSION . PLS DO ASSIST .THANK U . 3 4  3 4
No problem with the cell. It works amazingly well 4 5  4 5
Is original product and works perfectly well 4 5  4 5
The phone is okay. Keys are too small for my hands. The battery life is terrible, I have to keep switching back to my old phone to saty up & running. I wish I had b ought a slide-out keyboard type phone instead. For the money...disappointed! 3 2  3 2
Still use it,came in locked,had to get a code to unlock it.It loses service and I have to keep doing a battery pull each time to reset it.Still using it but I would still recommend it as a good product. 4 3  4 5
not as good as vivo 5 or vivo 5r but a good phone none the less. 4 3  4 3
Phones in great shape except the flash doesn't work wish they would have said that. 2 3  2 3
Just as advertised. Arrived promptly. 4 5  4 5
GRACIAS ME LLEGO EL PROCTO QUE COMPRE Y LLEVO EN EL MOMENTO INDICADO Y EN UN BUEN ENVALAJE LO RECOMIENDO SASTIFACTORIAMENTE.. 5 4  5 4
Battery was bad from the start. I would have returned but Apple has a free battery replacement on this model number. 4 3  4 3
I received this cell phone locked and I bought it unlocked, I am not satisfied. Dont sell products with features they do not have. 3 1  3 1
Because it have a fail in the screen, i have been here in the EE.UU for 8 days more, please i need an answer quickly 1 2  1 3
why you take from my credit carte yhe amente of 360 dollarsi send to you your apple phone because this ulockedand you telle me okwahts this 5 1  5 2
The phone doesn't keep time! I carry my old cracked one around so I know what time it is... Probably why I got such a good deal... 1 2  1 5
IT IS A CDMA PHONE THAT DOES WORK HERE IN THE BAHAMAS, I AM SO PISSED AT THIS PURCHASE! NEVER AGAIN WILL I DO THIS EVER! SO THE PHONEIS WORTHLESS HERE! 2 1  2 1
it doesnt even cute on now 2 3  2 5
This phone is very sleek and solid in performance with 3GB RAM for good price. Battery efficiency is so good and will give standby backup of two days. Good phone for the one who looks for affordable price!! Android pay app will not be compatible with this device.. 4 5  4 5
Poor battery life.rest all is good. BB is designed for business use but if the battery dies in d middle of a meeting whats the use of having a phone.this is my last Blackberry handset.. henceforth no Blackberry for me. 2 3  2 3
Worked OK for a while now every time I tap the back it shuts off 1 3  1 3
Desde Venezuela confirmo que este producto es excelente. entregas eficaz. Muchas gracias.. espero volver a realizar compras a este vendedor. 5 4  5 4
it's very nice, thank you so much but I miss the head phone set, it come without. 3 4  3 4
I got this product and I thought that the phone was going to be working. Come to find out that the Sim card tray was no good and it couldn't ready any Sim card from any carrier. The exterior of the phone was in good condition though. 3 2  3 2
I was told I was buying a new phone, not a refurbished one. Very upsetting, but it works mostly well. It goes a little crazy when I put the phone in silent mode and the head jack input was dirty (also works mostly well). But I afraid that this phone won't last. I guess if you want new you should buy straight from apple. 1 3  1 3
I found it difficult to get it working in Dominican Rep. I had to go to many different places before the " Unlocked fro any GSM carrier worldwide" would work worldwide! 3 4  3 4
This phone was for ATT so I had to change from Verizon over to them. It says it's compatible with all companies. The phone has already stopped working. I went this direction to save me some money for now but ended up spending more buying a new phone and going back to Verizon whom I will stay with due to issues also with ATT. There was no receipt in the box in case you needed to return or contact the seller. The phone was okay, it looked good but didn't last long. 2 1  2 1
El producto llego bien y en buen estado, pero lo malo es que a pesar de que en las caracteristicas dice que tiene la frecuencia de 850Mhz para que funcione el 3G (HSDPA) el que me llego no la tiene, me siento decepcionado, Amazon debería hacer una revisión muy detallada de las caracteristicas de los productos que ofrece para que no pase este tipo de situaciones, me siento estafado y si poder hacer una devolución pues vivo en Ecuador 2 4  2 4
it's a good phone for taking pic, messaging and texting. Down side is have to log in to download every app. 4 3  4 3
I really wanted to like this device, but after opening it I noticed a bright spot near the bottom of the display. After a few days this spot grew into two and got much brighter. Tapping the screen, made that area flash almost as if it were under a lot of pressure.Performance of the phone was good, but in the end I returned it before the display issue really panned out. Does not matter how inexpensive a product is, it should arrive in 100% working condition. 3 2  3 2
Recebi no tempo correto, o produto é exatamente o que eu queria, e a negociaçao foi perfeita, a embalagem estava intacta.REcomendo o site e tambem o produto. 5 4  5 3
I will be honest about this device i did not like it at first and i wanted to sell it in the next hr after opening it not because it was messed up or the packaging was destroyed because tbh the package and the device is and was flawless (for the device of course lol) but after i downloaded tons of apps (well not tons but a lot more then i had on my last phone) i love this phone. Its fast and its definitely slim. However when i go to go on Facebook i cant go live and on top of that i cant do the emojis like the heart button for the like etc Please bring back that !! 4 3  4 5
My plan phone was ruined at a beach party and I wasn't due for an upgrade for many months. This was a great deal and a good phone! Amazon shipped it super fast and I couldn't be happier with the phone 4 5  4 5
Phone is overall decent but was unaware that cannot send videos longer than 10 seconds. Asus put so much money into a great product but failed in some of the minor departments. overall a good phone but expected more 2 3  2 3
The telephone receipt a bit late but enough good works of I throw only lacking him the memory of 16 gb because of it do not give him the complete qualification one sees good to be reconstructed 4 3  4 3
it fuctions. I ordered a 100-5 but got a 100-3 not a big deal. delivered on time. 4 3  4 3
I came to this phone from using a Nexus 4 for the last two and a half years and my initial impressions were very mixed. Starting with the positive things, I love the LTE, the bigger and more color accurate screen, the battery life, the expandable storage, the dual front facing speakers, and how light it is and how thin it is. All big improvements! I also appreciate the very light touch Alcatel used with their skin on Android. It's almost stock.So many great things and yet it was almost all brought down by an Achilles heel. The thing that really bugged me was that moving in and out of apps was really sluggish and choppy and not smooth at all. All of these things are super smooth on the Nexus 4, which is a 2012 phone. Even swipe typing on Google Keyboard was not great. I came pretty close to sending it back and getting a new Moto G.(I have no proof of this, but my guess is that the phone sends almost all of its processes to the slower of the two chipsets in the Snapdragon 615, the one clocked at 1ghz. Unfortunately there's no "high performance" option anywhere that would make everything run on the 1.5ghz chipset. The Nexus 4 proves this is plenty to run Android smoothly.)I didn't want to get a Moto G, especially after seeing (and hearing, seriously those speakers are great) this phone. Thankfully, Android is a pretty flexible OS and I was able to take matters into my own hands and make things more palatable. First thing I did was turn all animations off in the developer options. Second thing I did was I installed Nova launcher and selected the options to make things run "faster than light." Everything is MUCH smoother after doing those two things. Still not quite as smooth as the Nexus 4, but probably 95% of the way there. Close enough where I can deal with it and I can enjoy the good things about the phone that I admittedly skimped on in the first paragraph.So I really like this phone now. It's everything I wanted. It just took some tinkering to get there. 4 2  4 3
good phone great price i am happy 4 5  4 5
I would of gave it five stars. The phone looked great. The only issue was that it was still attached too the previous owners iTunes account. There for I was unable to activate this phone. 3 2  3 1
Love my phone and the service I received from J&R they are great! 4 5  4 5
Wasn't unlock had to ship it to the states to get apple to unlock it 1 3  1 3
Wasn't unlock had to ship it to the states to get apple to unlock it 1 3  1 3
This phone was great for about the first week I had it. Now I have to restart it about 2x a day because it freezes so much. It has trouble connecting to the WIFI, and it runs really slow. It has about a gig of space left on it, and none of the apps I use are very heavy. Not to mention I close them all the time! Going to be looking for a new phone very soon. Will not buy again. 1 2  1 2
I bought this used and it had few noticeable scratches that weren't mentioned. I enjoy this product, it works faster than the iPhone 4s and came with new fully functional charger, headphones and cord. I am very happy with my purchase. 4 5  4 5
Software issues within the first week, speaker issues immediately. Go buy a new one never refurbished from these guys, GREAT customer service when I emailed them about poor phone though 1 2  1 2
This was a fairly beat up phone that worked well and had tons of features, I bought this 2 or 3 years ago and now its sitting in a drawer but the seller was very helpful in answering my questions and the phone was great for the money 4 3  4 5
the sim I brought didn't fit the phone and I returned it on Wednesday the 14 3 1  3 2
Wasn't unlock had to ship it to the states to get apple to unlock it 1 3  1 3
Wasn't unlock had to ship it to the states to get apple to unlock it 1 3  1 3
good afternoonI make a reference question to my phone iphone 5, which acquired through you .. do four months my phone just gets the iphone logo that is on the apple which does not allow me access to the device functions .. .what can I do 1 2  1 2
after 1 year is having some issues 3 2  3 4
arrive not on time was expected,, was arrive in new year 2013...disapointedGooday & happy new year god bless peace. 3 5  3 5
Completely unlockec new phone. Pretty good though seems a bit slow. But if you consider doing only basic phone functions and chats, then shouldnt face troubles. 5 4  5 3
It was only gold. Not rose gold 2 4  2 1
This phone was in good condition but was not able to work in my country...advise ensure you have all the info so you would not be at a loset..but I was please with the product just didn't get to enjoy the use of it. 3 2  3 2
u sold me this phone and told me that charger is on the way and is been 3 month,when is the charger coming 3 1  3 1
Received on time works just like new only minor ware but it's alright 5 4  5 4
It did come faster than expected but it came with many complications. The functionality is great but it did have multiple cracks in the screen. Whoever had it before me didn't fulfill there AT&T contract so I have to pay to get the phone unkocked instead of having it f one through the carrier. Lastly, when I turn on the Photo Stream, pictures that aren't mine pop up... Most of them very explicit pictures. 2 3  2 5
I bought a refurbished phone it did not look right at all. The silver trim would easily peel away from the phone and the piece of plastic above the keyboard with the call/end keys did not line up correctly with the rest of the phone.It ran pretty slow, but I'm sure that can be attributed to the BlackBerry OS. 2 3  2 3
iphone is iCloud locked please send me email and password via email toaaronnation23@aol.com 5 2  5 1
the headphone does not work. 2 1  2 1
Attractive phone but did not work upon arrival. I would not recommend. 1 2  1 2
I use this phone for the apps and for wi-fi. I cannot use it as a phone because everyone I tried said they were not capatible the whole reason I picked a phone without a SIM card was so I could choose who I wanted as my carrier but after spending an entire day driving around I found out it wasn't capatible with Straight Talk, Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, Boost, or T- Mobile. So if you need a phone to use as a phone don't pick this one but if you are looking for something you can use for the apps and to get on line using wifi then the phone works great. 3 2  3 5
the equipment is released please do not publish false information that is all I play it back, that waste of time do not recommend 3 1  3 1
works good for 3G and above. Simple to use. No frills. 5 4  5 4
 First let me begin with a specific piece of information that I think needs to be stated. I will test this phone with a SIM borrowed but I won't really be using it long term with cellular service at this time. I do want to offer an opinion on call and reception quality though so it will be tested in this way.Results... calls are clear on both ends without any issues and seems to be working fine in relation to both 3G and 4G.On to the rest of the phone done with the pro/con format:Pro:Big screen, bright and easy to see.MicroSD expansion option3000mAh batteryPretty good cameras (mostly the rear is what I care about)Lot of memoryNice colorDual SIM (not that I'm likely to use it though)Cons:Plastic (I'm used to aluminum phones)Fixed batteryLower clocked CPU @ 1.8Ghz (Quad core though)Button placement (biggest con for me)Speakers (I'm used to front facing Harman Kardon speakers)Additional thoughts:The interface is a love hate thing for most people. I really love the HTC Sense GUI and so I am used to that in my last three phones. The Asus Zen GUI is really nice and many useful Asus apps are included. The layout I was originally concerned about but turns out I could VERY easily live with it daily. I was very pleasantly shocked by how smooth and fast and intuitive things are with this phone. In the end it comes down to personal preference. (I really dislike the Samsung GUI for example but like their hardware).Price... I feel for the speed and overall look and feel and being unlocked it is a very good phone, feels a lot like a flagship model in operation also it doesn't offer all the bells and whistles some phones are currently sporting.Question:Since I am not using it like a normal cell phone why do I want it?Answer:I dislike killing my main phone's battery and want the portability of a phone but the functionality of a tablet. This phablet is the perfect compromise offering a great size and feature set.I have a drone that needs a phone to control it and portability is an important factor so this is a nice quick device that I am hoping works well to use with my drone as the remote control. Around WiFi I can surf the web and check emails and not use my main cell. Also nice to have a backup phone and I may even use this as a pay as you go option at some point so I didn't want to get into big money with a phone to find out I won't use it.So plenty of good and not so good but overall none of the cons are all that bad considering $250 beats $600+. If you can use this phone on your network then I don't think you can go wrong with it.Review sample provided free or at a discounted price for a fair, unbiased, and honest review. 4 2  4 5
A very cool design, awsome layout, and good quality for a really fair price. The only problem with the phone that I've had is with putting in the SD card and SIMs card in and phone will reboot itself sometimes but all is good for how much it is 5 4  5 4
I still have this phone, I am determined to unlock it, it is super tied toVerizon, and it is not anyones fault except Verizon, they tell everyone who buysthese phones from them they are unlocked but they are not. On Blackberry wasabsolutely sealed on the back, so no sim card could be put in or another battery.The absolute nerve of these people. But, still the way to get it unlocked is tofind a teenager who knows cell phones, which ones don't? Or go to a geek I willgo to a geek. I love this phone, easy to carry and easy to use.It meets all my needs and was shipped right away. I will prevail as soon asI can get to the city and find a geek place to get this opened and running.Again Amazon has the best prices and fast shipping on such great cell phones,check them out first. 2 4  2 5
This phone works great for a middle-of-the-line phone. It is functional and easy to use. Compact and holds a charge better than most smart phones on the market. 4 5  4 5
Had this phone for 6 months now with no issues. Works just as well and better than any $700 phone I have had. Seriously folks, it's a phone. We call, we text and we surf the web, why pay $700 for the newest Samsung. It's crazy. Will never buy another high priced phone again. 5 4  5 4
The phone packaging was great! However, when it came to the actual phone I was rather a but disappointed!Firstly, the phones home button is not properly in and wabbles around like it will pop out any second! Secondly, the battery life is not the greatest, especially for the price. And lastly, the phone is rather laggy and quite slow! 4 3  4 3
The phone works great the plastic over the sceen looked old but when I removed it the phone look like new.... 4 5  4 3
Cheap quality touch screen broke on a 8 inch fall. The accessories that comes with the equipment are cheap also. 1 2  1 2
Comes ready to activate and simple instructions to activate it. It just didn't come with extra chargers or car charger 5 4  5 1
is a good product and I is working very well, this provider met my expectations by giving me a good quality product, I am very pleased with this purchasethanks 3 4  3 5
The phone That Was selected in the section of unlocked phones, so It was like I was looking, for When I Get My Hands I Noticed That the equipment is locked and in my country I can not unlock. I am not Satisfied with the purchase and request that I change it so we can make use of the phone you buy. Apple iPhone 4 Black Smartphone 32GB (AT&T) 1 2  1 4
This product arrived on time. I haven't had the phone activated. But this experience was a A+.No problems. 4 5  4 5
The Battery power is great! It usually lasts me 3 days when I use it only when needed. Only downside is that Windows doesn't carry most of the apps as Androids. The camera was decent but not great. Sound was again just decent. I like the size perfect for people with small hands like myself. Storage is poor but perfect with a MicroSD. In all I give it a 3 out of five. I still prefer Androids with Google Playstore 3 4  3 5
The phone does not hold a charge for very long and shuts off when it at 50% charge. 3 1  3 1
This vendor sold us an 'as is' phone that didn't work. From day one there was a short in the charge terminal. We tried many different methods to charge the phone and it just wouldn't take a charge. You had to hold the wire 'just so' to get any action and then, it may or may not charge. This phone was a complete waste of money for us. 2 1  2 1
Freezes alot. But i bought primarily for playing back my music instead of my BB. Its a great phone for SMS and rings really loud. The body is strong and neat 4 3  4 3
These are the type of people who make you not want to buy anything on-line. I lost 500 dollars and will never trust buying on-line again. This is the type of seller who makes it difficult for other who are just starting out. I just can not express how much this seller should be in jail. 1 2  1 2
Despite claiming the product only has minor cosmetic defects possibly and has been tested by professional technicians, the front camera does not work. I am disappointed that this product was able to pass any seller or professional's quality standards as a properly refurbished product. Not only does this cause me a significant inconvenience in that I will have to find a way to return it, but I will also have to be without a working phone when I am waiting for calls regarding important personal commitments. 1 2  1 3
I got this iPhone right on time but there were many problems with that. Camera didn't work. All information from previous owner was their. Basically seller didn't clean up the phone and everything such as email contact numbers and etc we're there. I return the item and got my money back. 2 1  2 1
Worked only for a month 2 1  2 1
I was expecting the phone to be in better condition than I received it. One of the speakers doesn't work, AT ALL and there are 2 pretty big dents along the edges of the phone. 3 2  3 1
I bought three of these phones before,I got case and ear piece this time I did not get a case or an ear piece>The phone looks ok haven't used it Im giving my sister it as a gift 3 4  3 1
It has some scratches on the frame and it looks like it has been used for a few months. Not brand new. 2 3  2 4
This phone was locked, although I ordered an unlocked phone. It also came with a verizon sim although I ordered an international unlocked phone. Would not recommend this to anyone. 2 1  2 1
I asked other people questions on Amazon about whether it would work with digi mobil (movistar). Everyone said it would. It required a sim adapter.So now on to my review.Anyone who gives this phone 5 stars has never owned a premium smartphone. For this review I am comparing to my Samsung Galaxy S5Touchscreen: With the factory provided screen protector on, sometimes its unresponsive, sometimes it freezes. I have to hold down on a touch screen button most of the time for the phone to realize its being touched and then less than half the time the button will respond. Take the screen protector off and it works marvelously, but then you risk damaging the screen.Network: Movistar DigiMobil (pay as you go plan) When I got my SIM I bought a Samsung Galaxy Young 2 to use it in. No major issues aside from phone size. In the young 2 my whatsapp worked fine and I could send texts and make phone calls in my whatsapp on only my mobile network no Wifi. Now that my SIM is in the Lenovo, it will not allow me to transmit in whatsapp at all unless connected to wifi.-In addition, there is no Internet or google play access without wifi.This is a s*** phone and is being returned 1 4  1 3
great phone, good price, fast shipping, only problem was the extra charge by FedEx that I did not expect. 3 4  3 5
The phone was in great conditions make sure to ask for the real descriptions of the phone and that the phone is ESN clean 3 5  3 5
The phone is good, but not perfect. The number of apps is enough, but it is not so fluent when using the apps. 4 3  4 3
The camera volume isn't work 4 1  4 2
was in rough shape and wasnt unlocked 2 1  2 4
Loved everything about the phone except the camera which totally sucked if you didn't have the perfect lighting situation. If having a good camera isn't important to you then it's a good phone. 2 3  2 3
Its really a Excellent product but charger plug on cell phone side is super loose. Since its charger is not universal that creates dependency incase of loose plug otherwise its worth to give 5 stars. 2 3  2 3
I like my phone it's really nice comparing to other ones. It works perfectly but the only concern I have is the battery doesn't last for long time don't know why. 5 4  5 3
i got a broken batery, it doesn't work. the screen has a pale spot, it looks like the surface is sticked to the inner scree 2 1  2 1
The phone seems to be ok but the battery had to be replaced after less than 6 months 2 3  2 3
The device is awesome. But why i don't have Blackberry maps in my home folder? I have it when i search for it. When i use it, its not working. I downloaded Google maps as well and that is not working either. Its connectivity to WiFi networks is slow and the GPS is not properly working I use H2O wireless carrier whit n plan. U think that is it? I think if i get one of those T-mobile or AT&T monthly data plans it can work but still, this bugs me alot. 4 3  4 2
Product met expectations to the T 4 3  4 5
Battery was dead (like in need of replacement) when I received it. 4 1  4 1
I would have given this phone 5 stars if I was able to use it with Cricket Wireless. Apparently, they didn't know what they were doing because I took it to T-Mobile and within 5 minutes of walking through their doors, they were able to get it to work. I wound up switching to T-Mobile and getting a different phone that I fell in love with, the Samsung S6 Edge+. Long story short, I couldn't get my money back because it didn't meet the warranty requirements. 3 2  3 2
I've had this phone for just over 6 months now.First, my first one flat out died around Christmas. I woke up and it was just dead, not even a response to power.I sent it to ASUS and they sent me a replacement since it could not be repaired. Process took 3 weeks; kinda long to go without a new phone in hand.PROS- Phone is typically speedy- Plenty of storage with a 64GB microSD card- Phone looks great- Battery lasts over a day for my typical usage. Fast charger works great- First Android phone I haven't felt the need to root- Pictures are crisp and colorfulCONS- Sometimes it takes several minutes after booting for the phone to recognize the apps installed on the external SD card- Crashes are fairly frequent when navigating and streaming music at the same time- First phone died, support was slow for a device you need everyday- Cell reception can vary, usually decent, newer updates have been helping- Some apps fail to load or crash the system frequently, could be due to the Intel processor translating apps made for ARM?- Used to have a case with the cutout, but the ASUS Cover app used a lot of battery- Bloat apps can't be uninstalled, just disabled without root.OverallGreat phone for the price but has a few issues. ASUS trickles out updates slowly. Expected the marshmallow update by now.Case: ASUS Cell Phone Case for Zenfone2 - Retail Packaging - Black/BlackScreen Protector: ASUS ZenFone 2 Screen Protector, iVoler® [2 Pack] ASUS ZenFone 2 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, 0.2mm Slim 2.5D 9H Hardness Featuring Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Warranty 3 2  3 2
Great phone for the price. 4 5  4 5
Incredibly poor build quality, in my limited experience. The first phone I received had a failed LCD panel when I took it out of the box (box and packaging had no visible damage). The second one's LCD panel is seperating from the phone's casing and I've been very gentle with it for the few months I've had it. Given this 0/2 track record so far as the two I've received, I can't recommend this phone, especially since purchasing the international version (this version) via Amazon means you won't have a manufacturer warranty for any defects or repairs.The phone also performs more poorly than the Moto G 3rd Gen (same price range, but better build quality) on the original firmware, the newest official firmware, and several of the third party firmwares I've tried (CM, BlissPop, RR, and others). 1 2  1 3
Arrived super quick & works perfectly fine 3 5  3 5
When I first received the phone, it was wonderful. Then about after a month the power button started to have issues. The screen would turn on, but would be red in color or only the back-light would turn on.I called support to get an RMA, based on what is posted out there I thought I could get an advance replacement. One support representative said yes, but the other said no.The repair is going to take about 5-7 days, but in the mean time I would have no phone. So I had to spend another $200 to get a Moto G4 as a replacement while this one is sent in.I have purchased unlocked phones on a regular basis, but this has not been one of the best purchases over time. I would stay away from this one, spend a little more money to get the Moto G4 or if you can afford it go with a OnePlus3. 3 2  3 1
This phone worked fantastic for about 6 months. Now it's constantly having issues functioning and seems to be progressively getting worse. Little to no updates from the company. Sorry but I definitely won't ever purchase another phone made my this company. 1 2  1 3
I bought it for a gif to a friend in Venezuela but she told me that the memory is too small so it is almost impossible to download apps as Instagram or Facebook so keep on mind because I think that it is very important to know it . 2 3  2 3
I got it for less than 60 bucks. Have had it for like two weeks and I have no complains so far.The Camera could be better (specially the front facing) but is not that bad [I'm not a selfie fan anyway].The system is fluid. It works better than muy old BLU Avance 4 which was kind of slow.Speaker quality is also not the best, but to me not a big deal.I'm happy with it, considering what I paid.'''''''''''''''''''''UPDATE''''''''''''''''''''''''''Well, just after 5 months with this cellphone, it DIED. Not even a year it lasted.I was happy with it.Now it just will not turn on.I plug in the charger and the LED turns on but that's it. 1 5  1 4
completely satisfied with this product orders arrived the day stipulated ... agree with the request if this provider would advisebut does not work with 3g 4 5  4 3
I would have liked to know more about ordering ipods so I could have helped my grandkids make thecorrect order. As it stands, the wrong items were ordered and only one of them has indicated arefund will be issued. 2 1  2 5
This unit is the second unit that I got off line. The unit I got was supposed to be very good but this is the third I have gotten and this on like the others does not work correctly. This unit when slid open reset and it takes 2 to 3 minutes to reset. I do not believe there is a working Blackberry 9800 torch. A working Torch is great but The first one worked great for 1 year and the speaker blew out. The next one just did not work but it was reconditioned and returned. The next one was a very good unit that again did not work. This one locks the screen or resets the whole phone and very seldom rings. I just bought a new one but I am not holding my breath. 3 1  3 1
I REALLY LIKED THE IPHONE IT WAS A PLACE WHERE I COULD LISTEN TO ALL MY MUSIC. BUT TO DOWNLOAD APPS WAS HARD BECAUSE OF THE IOS 3 4  3 4
I have no problem taking the phone to straight talk.The phone came in about 3weeks. The only thing I didn't like was the camera its horrible when trying to get a take picture the pictures wasn't clear 4 3  4 3
Never been a huge fan of iPhones since I was able to escape the brainwashing after the 3GS. Only purchased this for my mother in law who, like all eastern Europeans, love anything apple because it's "premium". The truth is, the iPhone 5 is an outdated, small phone that's very overpriced on the market. 2 5  2 4
Ordered this iPhone as a replacement phone for samsung captivate. Although there were a few mistakes made I am enjoying my new phone (day 1). The seller was very helpful and very courteous and helped solve any issues I had! Good customer service! Completely recommend. 4 5  4 5
Very disappointing, the back cover and a defect does not say, even the two - year contract contract, I want to complain!!!! 1 2  1 2
This model is not good for China Mobile. 2 1  2 3
The phone was in good condition the only problem I had was that I could not open the slide were you put the sim card and it was very hard to open and closed, also the phone did not work with my AT & T sim card, however I did not had to much of a problem getting my money back, Amazon help me with my credit being put back to my account....thanks Amazon for your help. 2 3  2 3
I bought this phone as an unlocked phone but later found upon revving it found out that it was locked with Verizon . I felt cheated because I was not expecting this from Amazon , seller of the phones . 3 1  3 1
The phone did not come with a manual so I went on line but was not able to download any info. about that model. I tried using it to get familiar with the functions. It kept dropping text messages and wifi would not work. Also the sound quality was not great. 2 3  2 3
Great cellphone, I received it in very good conditions 4 5  4 5
the phone its good, really fast, came with a 2gb sd memory and only english, but the t-mobile doesnt work 3G movistar venezuela, should have known before the purchase. 4 3  4 2
returned would not read sim card. 3 2  3 2
Everything is outdated! You literally can't download any apps. Kik, sc, etc. The safari breaks down all the time too. Waste of money. Only thing that works is the camera with bad quality. 1 2  1 2
This is coming from a BB lover since 2002My issues w/ this phone and the BB OS- No Uber app.- This new BB is too wide. 9900 was perfect.Otherwise, the phone is great with the return of the 4 BB hard buttons.Sidenote: I wish that BB didn't waste it's precious resources developing it's own new OS - as their are major glitches w/ Android apps from Amazon Store. A BB running native Android with a BB interface and keyboard would have been the best solution IMO 2 4  2 4
It was not Locked to Sprint it was locked to Verizon. 2 1  2 1
The phone is being returned because the battery would not charge properly. The phone appeared new and I never had the Apple store check it out, so it may or may not be a refurb, returned or used one. Remember that these 4S phones were all built at the same time. So that means that even if you get a new phone, it will have an ancient battery. The phone would take an inordinately long time to charge and would never get up to 100%. After three weeks it got so bad that I was trying to charge it almost all day long. and had to put it into airplane mode so that it could even get up to 40% charge.I would recommend that anyone buying an older phone be very careful to see that the phone charges normally right out of the gate. If it does not, send it back. 2 1  2 1
I was not impressed. There is no talk-to-text feature, which would be fine except that the keyboard had a hard time recognizing what I was typing. I honestly would recommend buying a different phone. 2 3  2 3
This Device works fine on some days but then won't work at all on others. The speaker seems to go out a lot and more frequently now since it has been used for a month now? 3 2  3 2
Nice phone, so far !!! 5 4  5 4
excellent value for the money. phones have worked well as starter phones for my 12 year old twins 4 5  4 5
I did like the product and was all set too purchase another until I found out none of my callers could hear me and the phone kept losing my network connection to my Sim card and i missed countless calls. Other than that great phone i guess. Thanks for swift response for the refund. 1 2  1 5
Works great. Bit clunky but can not complain 3 4  3 4
To future buyers: note that the charger and data cable are not by Apple, they are each a 3rd party made-in-China item. The protective film also does not fit the phone properly, so you will need to get a new one. The iPhone itself has a chip at the bottom, but overall in decent condition and works as expected. The seller is shrewd in the wording of the description - it sounds as if it's an excellent condition iPhone coming in Apple's original packaging with Apple's data cable and charger and a screen protector, but no, it's a good condition Apple iPhone coming in a random "industrial" box with a 3rd party made-in-China charger data cable and a screen protector that does not fit the phone, so you will indeed need to get a new one.Overall, 4 stars and I am satisfied with my purchase, but it is not exactly as I expected. 4 2  4 5
The software experienced some problems, I need to reset it very frequently. Very nice sreen and takes nice pictures but doesn't work so well. 2 3  2 3
I bought this blackberry bold 9780 hoping to arrive as stated in the specification. BUT unfortunately it was not. on the website says it is RCN72UV model but the model that comes to me is RBE41GW. is a model that does not work 3G in my country. IS A PITY THAT HAVE TO FEEL BUYING FROM AMAZON FRUSTRATION. The phone itself is fine, it's new (I think). Battery comes without any details or leave me the impression that it is fake?..............yo compre este blackberry bold 9780 con la esperanza de que llegara tal como decía en la especificación. PERO lastimosamente no fue así. en la página web dice que es modelo RCN72UV pero el modelo que me llega es RBE41GW. es un modelo que no funciona 3G en mi país. ES UNA LÁSTIMA QUE TENGA QUE SENTIR FRUSTRACIÓN COMPRANDO DE AMAZON. El teléfono en sí esta bien, es nuevo (creo). la batería viene sin ningún detalle o sea me deja la impresión que es falsificado? 3 2  3 4
